A man wearing a blue and white stripe tank top, a pair of green pants and a pair of pink shoes.
A man wearing a white and gray stripe shirt, a pair of green pants and a pair of shoes.
The man is wearing green pants and a green and black striped tank top. He has a buzz cut and is wearing hot pink headphones around his neck.
A person is carrying a black shoulder bag over the right shoulder while wearing a white t-shirt and slender, black pants while carrying an upright, dark object in the right hand.
Young man with dark hair and glasses, dark and light patterned shirt, short sleeved carrying dark bag over left shoulder, dark pants, light shoes.
A  man wearing a light blue shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
A girl with brown hair in a bob style is wearing jeans and a black and grey tee-shirt and is walking away from the camera
THE YOUNG GIRL IS WEARING LIGHT BLUE SKINNY JEANS AND A GRAY TUNIC TOP. IN HER SHOES SHE HAS NEON GREEN STRINGS. SHE HAS A BACKPACK IN THE FRONT.
The woman has a black and white purse that is over her shoulder, she is smiling.
The woman wears a teal t-shirt, black pants, and blue tennis shoes. She wears glasses and carries a red backpack.
Male with black hair is wearing eyeglasses and a long sleeved shirt with dark denim pants and dark shoes.
This person is wearing glasses and has a white collared dark shirt and dark pants with his bag over his right shoulder.
A man with black hair is wearing a grey and black long sleeved collared shirt, black pants and a large black backpack.
The man has medium black hair, long sleeved sweater shirt, white collared shirt underneath, a black satchel on his left side, black pants, and white shoes.
Man is wearing a blue t-shirt with khaki shorts.  He has on a black watch on his left wrist.  He is wearing a camera bag over his left shoulder that is resting on his right back hip.
The man is facing away and walking in strappy sandals. He wears a cross-body bag, a watch, and tan shorts with a gray-blue short-sleeved shirt. He has short dark hair.
A man in a gray shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The person is wearing a gray tee shirt with white lettering printed on the chest, a black watch on the left wrist, knee length khaki shorts, sandals, and a black crossbody bag.
Female with long black hair is wearing a olive green shirt paired with a gray zipped jacket and dark shorts with white sandals.
A girl with shoulder length hair wearing a light grey sweater with lime green undershirt with short shorts and carrying a lime green backpack.
A woman with short black hair is wearing a long grey shirt, green shorts and a bright yellow backpack.
A girl with shoulder length hair wearing a grey long sleeve shirt and short shorts carrying a lime green backpack.
A man with short hair, wearing a t shirt and shorts with flip flops . He has something  wrapped around his neck
The man has short black hair. He is wearing a grey short sleeve shirt, grey shorts, and sandals. 
The man has dark hair. He is wearing a grey t-shirt whose cuffs and collar are a different color from the shirt. He is wearing dark grey shorts with sandals.
a man wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The female is wearing a ponytail and has dark hair. Her blouse is bluish green and she is wearing a floral patterned skirt, carrying a canvas shoulder bag.
An adult female with long dark hair is wearing a royal blue shirt with a short patterned skirt, sandals and carrying a tote bag.
The woman is wearing pink and white flip-flops with a pair of black and white shorts. She is wearing a blue tee-shirt with light blue graphics on the front and has a white bag over her right shoulder. She has a cell phone in her hands.
A woman in a blue shirt, a white and black skirt and a pair of white and black shoes.
The man is wearing a backpack.  He has on a black shirt and black shorts.  He is riding a bike wiht white shoes.
The boy wears a black t shirt and black shorts, he carries a dark backpack, has short dark hair, white socks and is sitting on a bike.
The man is wearing a black shirt and shorts.  He has dark hair and a beard.
A dark haired man wearing a black short sleeve shirt with white collar, dark green shorts, gray backpack and white socks with black shoes rides away on a bike.
He has short  black  hair  and  is  wearing glasses  . he is  wearing  a darker  colored shirt  but  light  brown short pants.
He is wearing black shoes, khaki shorts, and a maroon polo short sleeved shirt with the collar unbuttoned. He is carrying a white bag in his left hand.
The man is wearing a burgundy shirt and khaki cargo shorts with black shoes and low cut socks.  He is wearing glasses and carrying a black and gray backpack over his left shoulder.  
He is wearing black tennis shoes, khaki shorts, and a maroon shirt. He is carrying a black and grey backpack on his left shoulder.
This man is wearing glasses, a maroon polo shirt, tan shorts, black sneakers and is shouldering a black back pack.
The woman is wearing a white shirt and gray pants with a pink stripe down the side. She is also holding an object in her right hand.
White t shirt and red and white pants. Long straight black hair and has a purse over her shoulder
The woman is wearing grey sweats with a pink stripe on the side. She is carrying a clear bag and wears a black backpack.
The woman is walking in gray sweatpants with pink stripes down the sidesand a plain white t-shirt. She carries a book, seems to be wearing a backpack, and has long dark hair. 
The woman is wearing a black jacket with some white trim, long denim jeans, and is holding a grey handbag. She is also wearing black shoes.
The lady wears a black jacket over a black shirt blue jeans with pink sneakers she carries a grey hand bag.
The woman has on a ponytail and is wearing a dress. She has on blue sneakers.
This young woman has long dark hair with straight bangs. She is wearing a feminine shirt dress in a white or very pale hue, with blue huaraches.
This woman is wearing a summer short dress, beige with small flower prints, with light blue shoes, and she is wearing a hairband on her head. She is holding arms with a boy
The woman is wearing black sandals, black pants and a patterned top.  She has dark hair and is wearing a purse across her body.
Woman with short, dark hair wearing a dark and light three quarter length sleeves and dark pants, dark sandals, two toned bag over right shoulder.
The woman has short, black hair.  She is walking with a bag in her left hand carrying her purse over her left shoulder.  She is wearing black pants, sandals, and a black, red and white patterned, long sleeve shirt.
The woman has short hair and is wearing a pink patterned shirt and dark pants, all while holding a blue bag and a pink bag. 
A woman wearing a white and black floral print shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man stands with both feet placed flatly on the ground. He wears a white shirt, blue jeans, and tan running shoes.
The person has short dark hair.  They are wearing a white t-shirt, blue jeans, and beige tennis shoes. 
female holding her phone with long black hair, wearing jogging clothes and tennis shoes carrying bags
The women is wearing a back pack while holding two other bags, one of which is pink. She has on a t-shirt and dark pants. 
She has  long  straight  black hair  and  is  wearing a    all  black outfit with  red  writing,She is  also  carrying  a small  pink bag .  
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
THE WOMAN IS WEARING A RED, SHORT SLEEVED SHIRT AND DARK PANTS.  SHE HAS SANDLES ON.
A woman with brown hair is walking away from the viewer. She is wearing light blue jeans and a red t-shirt. Her hair is in a messy bun or pony tail. 
A pedestrian walking to the right with a black bag on their back, grey pants, and red shoes. 
The girl has her hair tied back and has a back pack on.  She has her back to the onlooker and has dark pants on.  Her pack has a touch of red on it and her sneakers are red as well.
This person has on a dark hoodie with gray jeans. They are wear bright red high top sneakers, and are carrying a backpack.
The man is wearing a blue and white striped tank top and green pants. He has pink headphones around his neck.
The man has short hair. He is muscular and is wearing a green tank top with white stripes.  He is wearing green pants.  He has pink headphones around his neck.  He is carrying a cup.
The man is wearing a black and grey striped tank with green leggings and pink head phones around his neck.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a white t-shirt,dark pants and a black backpack.
The man is crossing the street wearing a white shirt, black pants and carrying a black book bag. 
The man has on a light colored t-shirt with dark pants, and light sneakers. he has a large black backpack and glasses.
A woman wearing a short sleeve, black and white with blue stripes shirt, a pair of blue jeans pants and a pair of purple and white shoes.
A woman with dark hair to her ears is wearing a dark blue backpack in front, eyeglasses, grey t-shirt and athletic shoes with bright shoelaces.
A woman wearing a yellow shirt, a pair of white and black floral print pants and a pair of white and black shoes.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, a pair of dark blue pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man with short black hair is wearing a grey and black jacket, a pair of black pants, black shoes and a black backpack. 
A  man wearing a gray and black shirt, a pair of black pants and a bag over his right shoulder.
A man wearing a gray and black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of shoes.
A man with black hair, wearing a black jacket, dark jeans and white shoes is walking while looking down. 
A man in a gray shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A woman walks forward and is visible from the back. She takes a step with her left leg. Her arms swing with left in back and right in front. She wears a gray top, a narrow darker gray bag across her back and a large tan, flat bag on her right side with  the back of her right leg exposed. She also wears black, flat sandals.
The person has short black hair and appears to have stance of a female and is walking past a few bikes she wears a blue shirt beige shorts with brown sandals looking down on the ground.
A man in a gray shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is facing the camera and she has long black hair and is wearing an olive green t-shirt and dark green shorts. She is wearing an opened, zipper-up hooded sweatshirt and a lime green backpack on her back. She is wearing white sandals on her feet.
A woman wearing a lime green tank top, a pair of black and white shorts and a gray jacket.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black shorts and a green back pack.
A woman wearing a gray jacket, a green back pack and a pair of short black shorts.
He has  short  black hair   and is  wearing a white  shirt .  He  is  also wearing  grey short pants    and  sandals .
He has  short  black hair  and  is  wearing a  grey shirt  ..  He is also wearing  denim short  pants  .
The man is wearing a white shirt and gray shorts.  He is also wearing black sandals.
A man with a white polo shirt and light grey-blue denim shorts carrying a brown shopping bag.
The woman has a long pony tail and is wearing a teal color shirt and matching shorts or skirt. She has on light colored sandals and a big cream colored bag on her right shoulder.
The woman has dark hair pulled back into a pony tail, a bright blue shirt, a short, patterned skirt, bare legs, and a package under one arm.
The woman has brown hair.  She is wearing a blue shirt and a black and white print skirt.  She has on white sandals and is carrying a white purse on her right arm.
The lady wears a blue t shirt black and white shorts with white flat sneakers she carries a white shoulder bag looking at her cell phone.
The man is riding a bicycle and he is wearing a black shirt with black shorts and white shoes
The man is riding a bicycle and he is wearing a black shirt with black shorts,white socks and black shoes.He is also carrying a dark grey backpack
Light skinned male wearing a dark, short sleeve shirt, dark knee length shorts, and light colored shoes. He's riding a motorcycle.
A man in a black shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of shoes with white socks.
the man is wearing a maroon short sleeve shirt with beige shorts and black shoes. he is wearing a backpack
This man is wearing a maroon colored short sleeved shirt, tan shorts, and black shoes. He is also carrying a white bag.
A man wearing a pair of brown shorts, a pair of black shoes, a red shirt with short sleeves.
A man wearing black shoes, khaki colored board shorts, abd a purple shirt carries a black book bag through an airport.
The man wears a maroon collared shirt and beige cargo shorts. He wears black shoes and a black backpack.
This woman is wearing a white short sleeved shirt, pink/grey jogging pants, and white shoes.
The woman is wearing white shoes with a pair of light and dark pink track pants. She is wearing a white tee-shirt and she has a dark bag over her left shoulder.
This woman is wearing a white t-shirt and has grey sweatpants with a pink stripe down the side. She has a black back pack on. 
The woman is wearing a short sleeved, white t-shirt, gray pants with a red stripe, and white shoes. She has a black backpack.
The woman is wearing dark shoes, blue jeans, a black shirt, and a black-and-white jacket, and is carrying a bag.
A woman wearing a black jacket with a pocket, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray shoes.
There is a male and female walking down path interlocking arms.both wearing foot wear blue in color while the female is dressed in white dress with a small flowers male is dressed in grey shirt and shorts wearing black socks
A woman wearing a white skirt, a pair of blue shoes and a cloth belt around her waist.
The woman is walking holding a man's arm and she's looking down. She is wearing a tan printed dress, blue shoes, and a headband. 
The woman is wearing black pants and a patterned top. She has sandals on and a cross shoulder bag.
The woman is wearing a black and white patterned shirt and black pants. She is also wearing black sandals and carrying bags in her left arm. 
A woman wearing a purple, black and white spotted shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black sandals.
The lady wears a black and white shirt black pants with black sandals she carries a grey and black shoulder purse including a pink and grey shopping bag.
The woman is wearing a black, white and pink floral patterned shirt with long sleeves, black dress pants and strap-backed shoes. She carries a cross-body bag on her left side  and has short black hair. 
the man is wearing a white Tee shirt, blue jeans and tan shoes.  He is carrying a black tote bag on his shoulder.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a black bag over her left shoulder, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown jeans.
A girl carrying a pink bag in one had and a drink in the other is walking and wearing dark clothes, white tennis shoes she has long dark hair over one shoulder.
A woman wearing a black t-shirt, jeans, and sneakers with long hair and a backpack over her shoulders. 
The lady wears a black and red lettering t shirt black pants with white sneakers she carries a cell phone in her hand including a red shopping bag and grey shoulder bag.
The woman is carrying two bags and has a backpack on, she is walking on brick.
She has short  black  hair  and  is wearing a  red shirt  .  She is  also  wearing  dark colored pants  .
The woman is wearing a dark pink, short sleeved top, blue jeans, and white sneakers.
A man wearing a black jacket, a blue shirt underneath, a pair of gray pants and a pair of red and white shoes.
This person has dark hair and is wearing a black shirt, gray pants and is carrying a black colored backpack.
Male with straight dark hair almost shoulder length.  Wearing glasses and a black jacket and faded black or grey pants.  Wearing red high-top tennis shoes and carrying a black backpack
This person is wearing a dark shirt or jacket, gray pants, and red and white shoes, with a coat slung over the left arm and a black backpack over the shoulders.
He is wearing dark shoes, long skinny dark blue jeans, and a short sleeved grey V-necked t-shirt. He is holding a dark coat in his left hand and is holding a newspaper in both hands.
He is wearing dark boots with long, skinny, dark blue jeans pulled over the top of the boots. He is wearing a grey, short sleeved, V-necked t-shirt. He is holding a black business jacket and a folded paper in his left hand.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white and balck shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of white and black shoes.
A woman wearing a blue button-up shirt, a pair of blue jeans and apair of black and white shoes
A young woman has a long hair, and she wears a multi-color dress. She wears black high heels.
A woman holds a green cell phone in front of her while wearing a printed mini-dress covered in ovals in pink, red and yellow with high-heel black shoes with triple ankle straps.
The man is wearing a grey shirt with khaki pants and sneakers. He also has black hair. There is a black watch on his wrist.
He wears a gray, short sleeved t shirt with tan pants and sneakers. he has a watch on and is carrying a white shopping bag.
A man wearing a gray t-shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of black shoes.
A blurry person is wearing a dark outfit.  The person has dark hair or is wearing a dark colored hat.
A woman wearing black jeans and a black long sleeve shirt carries a white shopping bag along an outdoor walkway.
The person is wearing a white shirt and black shorts or a skirt. They have on tennis shoes and are carrying a gray backpack. They also have short, dark hair.
This man is walking; his right foot is on the ground while his left is behind him, not visible. His hair is dark and short and he is wearing glasses with a white frame. His shirt is blue and white striped, short sleeved, with a white color and his shorts are very dark and fall to his knees. He is wearing a dark backpack although only the shoulder straps are visible, and his sneakers are not quite as dark as his shorts and have white laces.
Man dressed in white button up shirt is carrying a backpack on his back. He is wearing glasses and short knee length pants.
The man appears from the back side. He is wearing a white top with dark, thin stripes. His Shorts are black and he is carrying a book bag on his back. 
The man is wearing brown boots, tan pants and a red shirt.  He is carrying a white shopping bag in his right hand.
The man wears a red t shirt grey pants with black shoes he walks towards the gentleman coming up the street.
The man is walking right. He has a white t-shirt, shorts, blue and orange running shoes.
A man in blue and orange sneakers, dark knee length shorts, and white t- shirt is holding a plastic bag with something red inside, and strolling past an escalator.
A woman wears a wide open, long, muted plaid jacket over a scoop neck, blue shirt with dark-blue jeans and laced-up shoes.
She has  shoulder length  blonde hair and is  wearing  a  full length dress with a  over   shirt .
The woman wears a pink and white long sleeved shirt and black pants with white sneakers as she walks down the street.
The woman is wearing a pink flower printed dress shirt with black pants. She also has a blue purse and white shoes on.
 A person wearing a floral shirt long sleeve black pants and also holding a call phone in her hand
A dark haired woman is wearing a white dress.  She walking away from us, so we cannot see her pace.  Her hair is long and straight and her dress comes down to her knees.
A woman with long hair is holding a small wood table. She wears a white dress.
The young woman is wearing a white, sleeveless dress with horizontal pleats. She is not wearing any shoes.
The woman has long dark hair and is wearing a bright purple short-sleeved blouse with a light tiered skirt and flat shoes.
A man wearing a short sleeved plaid shirt and shorts. He is wearing glasses on his face.
The man wears a white shirt white pants with brown shoes as he walks along the sidewalk.
This photo is very blurred, can't tell if it is a person or what they are wearing.
The man has dark hair, is wearing a white shirt, khaki shorts and appears to be talking on the phone.
The guy is wearing a white short sleeve collared shirt with light beige dress shorts and light colored shoes.
A girl wearing a pair of blue, short jean shorts, a pair of white shoes and a white t-shirt with short sleeves.
The person in this picture is pushing a stroller. This person is wearing high top sneakers. This person has on a black skirt and a white sleeveless top. There is a bag over the right shoulder.
The woman wears a white shirt and a black skirt. She wears white and black shoes and has a maroon handbag on one shoulder.
A woman wearing a short, black skirt, a white shirt and a pair of white shoes.
The man is walking in white sandals and wearing long cargo shorts. He has on a white short-sleeved polo-style shirt with black trim and has short dark hair. He is holding something in his left hand.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of white sandals.
The man is wearing a white shirt, army green shorts, and white shoes. He has black hair and has facial hair on his chin.
THE MAN IS WEARING A WHITE COLLARED SHIRT WITH A SMALL LOGO AND BROWN SHORTS WITH WHITE SHOES.
The woman with a panda on her shirt has glasses and a blue tote bag. 
The women walks while wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of black shoes.
This girl has straight dark mid-length hair. She is carrying a darker colored shoulder bag.  She is wearing a jean skirt/shorts and has a grey color t-shirt on. She doesn't appear to be wearing socks. And she is wearing darker colored New Balance shoes. She is also walking hand in hand with a man up some stairs.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of red shorts and a pair of shoes.
A man carries a gray backpack right below the back of his neck and a black shoulder bag on his left side. He wears a gray, short-sleeve top over red shorts with a dark-gray print and dark shoes.
The boy is wearing a black polo style shirt and denim jeans, holding what appears to be a notebook.
Male with glasses wearing a black, loosely fit long sleeve shirt, blue jeans, white and black sneakers holding a book talking to another individual.
A man with short black hair is wearing a dark long sleeved shirt, a pair of blue jeans and black and white shoes.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
this man is walking away from the camera, he has a black backpack on with white stripes on it.
The photo is dark, but it is still easy to see that the young man is wearing a white t shirt with a tank top jersey over the top, with shorts and tennis shoes.  
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black and gray shoes.
He is dark haired, has on a white shirt, a black back pack with white stripes, and high top shoes.
The woman is wearing a bright yellow t-shirt, black pants, and pale orange sneakers.  She is carrying a black messenger type bag on her left shoulder.
A shorter woman with long black hair and glasses has a large black handbag. She is wearing a bright yellow shirt, black pants and orange sneakers.
A woman wearing a white sweater over a pink shirt, apair of green shoes and a pair of sunglasses.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of green shoes and a black purse on her right shoulder.
A woman wearing brown heels is walking towards a crowd of people at an outdoor event.
A woman wearing a black shirt with colorful sleeves, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a black shirt,a  pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown shoes.
She wears a black long sleeved top with gray long pants and red and white sneakers. She has a dark jacket over her left forearm and wears a black backpack.
The man is holding a newspaper.  He is wearing a gray v-neck t shirt, black jeans, and black boots.
THIS PERSON IS WEARING A GRAY V NECK SHIRT, BLACK PANTS, AND BLACK BOOTS. THIS PERSON IS HOLDING A BLACK JACKET IN FRONT OF THEM AND LOKING DOWN AT WHATEVER IS IN HIS HAND
She has short  black hair  and is  wearing a  white  dress  shirt  .  She is  also  wearing jeans .
The woman is wearing a white shirt.  She has on jeans and tennis shoes.  She has short, dark hair.
A person with short black hair is wearing a light colored long sleeve shirt, jeans and sneakers.
This woman is wearing a mint green colored long sleeved shirt, light blue jeans, and white/black walking shoes.
A woman links arms with another person while her black hair falls over a printed black mini-dress with pink and red shapes and with a thin tan belt worn over black, heeled shoes.
The woman is wearing black flats, blue jeans and a white button down top.  She has a pink hat on.
A man wearing a gray t-shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man is wearing a grey short sleeved shirt and khaki pants.  He is wearing a black wristwatch and carrying a plastic sack.
He is  wearing  a light  grey shirt  and  brown pants  . He is  wearing a  watch on one wrist  . 
A person with dark hair and dressed in black from head to toe walks along a sidewalk near a large medal pole.
A picture of a blurry person wearing black that is walking down the street with a handbag.
He wears a short sleeved, white hip length top with baggy, black shorts that come past his knees with black sneakers and a black back pack.
The man is wearing black cargo shorts with a collared light blue and white striped short-sleeved shirt. He is carrying a backpack.
A man is walking toward us and to the left.  He has short black hair.  He is wearing a short sleeve white shirts, black shorts.  We can see black straps to a backpack on his shoulders.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man is wearing a red shirt and khakis. He is walking and holding a white bag with his right hand.
A man wearing a red shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of black shoes on his feet.
The man wears a white pink and black t shirt grey shorts with blue orange and black sneakers he walks carrying a plastic bag inside his hands.
A man wearing a white shirt with a black symbol on the shoulder, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of orange and blue shoes.
The smiling woman is blonde. The woman wears black clothes and a striped sweater color blue and green.
Female with long blonde hair, looking to the left, wearing a long dark grey dress with a blue printed sweater and white shoes.
The woman is walking while talking on her phone. She is wearing a light colored long sleeve shirt, black pants, and white shoes.
An Asian woman with dark hair, she has her hand up to her ear and is talking on a cell phone. Her collared shirt is red and white with patterns. She is wearing black pants.
The woman has short black hair. She is wearing a long sleeve shirt and black pants. She is on her cell phone, carrying a grey purse. 
A woman  in a white, see through dress, a pair of shoes and a pair of white panties.
The lady has long black hair. She is wearing a sleeveless white dress that hangs to just above her knees. She is carrying a stool in her hands.
A woman wearing a white dress with ruffles in it and a pair of white shoes.
A woman in a purple shirt, a white skirt and a pair of shoes on her feet.
A man wearing a white and black plaid shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
A man wearing a white button up shirt, a pair of white pants and a pair of brown shoes.
A person stands upright wearing a cylindrical, silver top with straight hem over tight, black leggings and dark shoes.
A man wearing a very short pair of brown shorts,a  wrinkled, white t-shirt and a pair of black sandals.
The man is wearing a white shirt and light colored shorts. He also has one of his hands in his pocket. 
A girl with a long dark pony tail wearing a white short sleeve top, dark blue shorts and carrying a pink back pack.
The woman is wearing a sleeveless, sheer, white blouse and a black skirt. Se is also wearing white, hi-top, sneakers and a large maroon handbag. She is pushing a stroller.
A girl wearing a sleeveless white shirt, a short, black skirt, a pair of white shoes and a pair of white socks.
A woman is wearing a white top and a dark colored skirt.  She has a bag on her shoulder and tennis shoes on her feet.
A man takes a small step forward with his left leg ahead and bent. He carries a small white item in his left hand which is by his hip. His right arm swings forward. HIs head is extended forward. He wears a white polo shirt with short sleeves and black edging, black shorts ending below his knees, and white sandals.
A man in a white polo shirt walking down the street. He is wearing olive drab shorts that end just below the knee and white sandals. He carries something in his left hand.
White male with goatee and brown hair wearing white henley short sleeved shirt, khaki green shorts, and white striped tennis shoes.
The pedestrian with short, dark hair wears a white, short sleeve shirt with gray shorts. 
A woman with long dark hair and eye glasses has a dark colored bag over her right shoulder.  She is wearing dark shoes, jean shorts and a t-shirt with a panda on the front of it. 
A woman wearing glasses holds a white bottle in front of her body while she wears a gray shirt over blue denim shorts with white bleached patches over black shoes.
The woman is wearing light gray shirt and matching shorts.  She has on black and white sneakers and is carrying a blue bag on her right shoulder.
A male is wearing dark red shorts and a black t shirt and has a watch on his left wrist.
The man has black short hair and is wearing a gray t-shirt, red shorts, and black shoes. He os carrying a black bag on his shoulder.
She is walking over gray sidewalk, she is wearing black and white tennis shoes, her pants are gray and her t shirt is black. She is holding some notebooks on her left hand side, she is also wearing glasses.  
A man with black hair is wearing glasses, holding a sweatshirt and a notebook and has blue jeans and sneakers.
The man is wearing jeans and a polo shirt. He is also wearing tennis shoes. He has short dark hair.
The man is wearing a dark grey shirt with green pants and grey shoes.He is also carrying a black folder and a grey jacket in his left arm
The man is wearing a white t-shirt and black cargo shorts, he's got black socks and grey tennis shoes, and a black and white backpack. 
Male with short black hair is wearing a white t-shirt with a picture on the front that is paired with shorts and high-top sneakers.
The man is wearing a t-shirt and shorts.  He has on tennis shoes.  He is wearing a back pack.  He has short dark hair and glasses.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman carries a black bag at her left side with the black shoulder strap over her left shoulder and the handle hanging over the bag. Her hair falls over the back of a bright-yellow t-shirt worn over black pants and pink shoes with white edging.
This woman is wearing a yellow shirt. She is carrying on over the shoulder hobo style black purse. She also has on a nike shoes.
The young woman is carrying a large dark colored bag and a pink folder. She is wearing dark rimmed glasses and a long pink shirt with a white, long-sleeve, duster-style shirt on top of it. She is also wearing green shoes.
The woman is wearing a white dress and blue-green shoes.She also has long black hair and is carrying a black shoulder bag.
A man wearing a black shirt with orange and black sleeves, a pair of green shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is walking in heel shoes. She is wearing a black shirt with colorful sleeves and green pants. 
The woman is wearing a black hat with blue jeans. She is wearing black flats. She has one leg off of the ground.
The woman has short dark hair, a black short sleeved t-shirt and denim pants. She is leaning on a green rail with one leg raised.
She  has  her  long  black hair  in a  pony tail . She  is  also wearing a colorful shirt   and  light colored pants .
A dark haired girl with a brown bag on her shoulder. Her pants are gray and her shirt is floral patterned. 
The woman is walking while wearing khaki capris, tan sandals, and a t-shirt with a pattern design. She is also carrying a tan bag.
This woman is wearing a multicolored top with a geometric design, light gray pants and sandals.
The woman is wearing a purple and white patterned shirt with light blue jeans and a brown shoulder bag.
This woman is wearing a long white skirt. She also has a dark-colored shirt. She has long light-colored hair.
women with hair pulled back into a ponytail wearing a brown long sleeve blouse with a long skirt standing up.
The person is wearing a dress with long sleeves and a white apron. Her hair is half up half down.
The lady wears a black and white shirt a pink towel wrapped around her neck blue jean pants with pink flipflops carries she carries a black shoulder bag holding a black book in her hand.
A boy wearing a black shirt, a pink sweater around his neck, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of pink and white jeans.
This man is wearing a bright blue shirt and is carrying a black backpack.  He is wearing tan capri length pants and blue shoes. He has short dark hair and is wearing glasses.
He has short black hair, a blue t-shirt, khaki below the knee pants, black shoes and a black back pack.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, a long black see through skirt and a pair of brown shoes.
The lady has long dark hair and is wearing a light colored shirt and dark long skirt. She is carrying a dark bag on her right shoulder.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, a long black see through shirt and a pair of brown shoes.
This woman has long black hair and she's wearing a blue shirt with a floor length black skirt.
The woman has short black hair and is wearing glasses while wearing all black clothes.
This person is dressed in a black long sleeve as well as back pants and tennis shoes.
The man is wearing a dark gray long sleeved shirt, dark pants and flip-flops.  He has short dark hair and glasses.
Man is wearing a long sleeve gray sweater. He has on black pants and flip-flops.
The man is wearing a faded pink tank top, dark brown hat, sunglasses, brown shorts, and black tennis shoes. 
A man wearing a pink shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing black and white shoes with black pants. He has on a horizontal striped shirt with grey and white and he has a black backpack on his back. He has a phone in his hands.
A young man is looking down at a device in his hands and wearing a blue and white stripped shirt with a bag slung over his shoulder.
A man wearing a blue and white stripe shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing a blue and white shirt,black pants and white shoes.He is also carrying a black backpack and black shoulder bag.
The woman has short auburn hair.  She is wearing a grey, striped tank top, dark grey pants, white shoes and a brown purse.
A woman is wearing a sleeveless blouse with wavering black lines against a silvery-gray background with deep-gray pants and light-gray shoes.
A woman is carrying a wide, curved, brown handbag over her right shoulder while she looks at her raised cell phone. She wears a long black-and-white top with wide horizontal stripes over smooth, black leggings and gray shoes.
A woman wearing a gray stripe shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
He has  light  brown  short  hair  . He is  wearing  dark colored  clothes  and  he has    his  arm a round  a woman .
A man wearing a green jacket over a black shirt, a pair of glasses and a pair of black shoes.
The man in glasses wears black and white sneakers, dark shorts, and a purple t-shirt with a white design on front. He carries a black messenger bag.
The woman is wearing a dark gray or black dress with black sneakers. She is carrying a brown purse and is holding a bottled drink.
the man has a purple shirt with a white symbol on it, his shorts are black and he is wearing glasses.
A male wearing a black tee shirt with dark colored shorts and black sneakers carrying a shoulder satchel.
The woman is wearing a grey long sleeve shirt with a orange scarf,black pants and black and white shoes.She is also carrying a brown shoulder bag and a small white bag
A woman wearing a white shirt, a red scarf and a pair of dark color pants and a pair of glasses.
A girl with a short ponytail wearing a grey shirt with a red scarf and black pants carrying an orange shoulder purse.
A woman with black hair has a can in her hand, a red scarf around her neck, black pants, black shoes and a white top.
The woman is wearing light colored shoes, light colored pants and an olive green dress.  She has a pink bag in her left hand.
The lady is wearing a dark colored dress with white stockings, she is also carrying  black book bag.
A woman is holding her arms out while wearing a flowing pink and turquoise gown and a head piece with long dark tassels hanging that resemble long braids.
A woman wearing a pink and blue shirt, a pair of pink and blue pants and a hat on her head.
The woman is wearing a green and gray top with a design on front.  Her shorts are black.  Both of her hands are in her shorts pockets.
The woman is visible from the back. She is wearing black yoga pants and a green top. She carries a brown and tan bag on her shoulder. 
A woman in a green shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
A woman in a green shirt with a picture on it, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
A women on the phone with a brown shoulder bag, white tennis shoes and a green knee length dress. She also has brown shoulder length hair and she is with someone.
The lady wears a grey long shirt with grey flat shoes as she stands along the white floor.
The lady wears a grey coat with white sneakers she stands along the shiny floor near another person looking at the grey railings.
The pedestrian with long, dark hair carries a backpack. She wears a loose top, denim bottoms, and sandals. 
This woman is seen from behind wearing a white shirt and khaki skirt with sandals.  She is wearing a small backpack on her back
The woman has an umbrella.  She is wearing a white sweater and what looks like shorts.  She has long hair.
A woman in a white shirt with a picture on it, a white skirt and a pair of brown shoes on her feet.
This woman has shoulder length hair, a white short sleeve shirt, and dark pants.She is carrying a white/red bag.
A woman wearing a white blouse, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of red shoes and a pair of glasses.
He has longish hair and is wearing a light green polo shirt, black bermuda shorts and sandals.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a light green shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
The woman is wearing a blue short sleeved shirt with a collar. She is wearing black shorts and black sneakers. She has a black bag.
A woman wearing a light blue shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black and brown shoes.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans, a pair of black shoes and a back pack.
A woman with a ponytail carries a tan shoulder bag over her back with the strap across her right shoulder while she is dressed in a short-sleeve blouse with a marbled print in black and pink over gray pants that end mid-calf with gray sandals.
The girl is wearing a multi colored short sleeved top and white capris and sandals on her feet and she has a large brown should bag.
WOMAN HAS HER RIGHT HAND IN HER FRONT RIGHT POCKET OF HER GRAY CAPRI PANTS.  SHE HAS ON A MULTI COLORED SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT AND HAS HER HANDBAG OVER HER RIGHT SHOULDER.
a lady has dark black hair in a patterned blouse and blue capres is carrying a large tote over her back.
She has  her  black hair  up in  a  pony  tail .  She is  wearing a  colorful shirt   .  She is  carrying a  large  tan  bag   and is  wearing  light  colored pants  .
A female standing with blonde long hair wearing a long 70s looking dress and a stool in the room.
The lady is wearing a long-sleeved dark colored blouse, a lighter colored three-quarter length flared skirt, and what appears to be dark shoes or boots. Her arms are at her sides.
This woman has blonde hair and is wearing a white apron over her dark outfit.
A woman wears a pair of glasses, a pink shirt,a pair of blue jeans and a pair of pink and white sandals.
The woman has short black hair. She is carrying a bag and is wearing a pink shirt and sandals.
This boy has on a shirt with two shades of blue, khaki shorts that fall below the knee, shoes shaped like slippers and a black glove with the fingers cut out on his left hand and carrying a black backpack
A young man in brown board shorts and a blue shirt carries a black back pack along a busy street.
The woman is wearing a light blue shall. She is wearing a long black dress, tan slip-on shoes, and is carrying a black bag over her right shoulder.
A woman carries a black tote with a few white dots over her right shoulder while wearing a blue blouse over a tank top, and sheer ankle-length skirt over a mini-skirt and tan shoes.
The woman is wearing a blue shirt, black long skirt and light brown shoes.She is also carrying a black backpack with tiny white polka dots 
A woman wearing a light blue shirt, a pair of brown shoes and a long black skirt.
He is wearing dark shoes, long black pants, and a long sleeved black top. He is wearing glasses.
This is a young adult male wearing glasses and dark sneakers black pants black shirt and Olive complexion
An asian man walking outside, wearing a gray seater and dark pants with a pair of sandals.
A man with glasses wearing a black long sleeve shirt, black pants, both hands behind his back. 
A man wearing a pink shirt and khaki shorts is eating cotton candy in a crowd.
A man wearing long khaki shorts, black tennis shoes, a pink sleeveless shirt and a gray baseball cap eats cotton candy at an outdoor fair.
He has  short  black hair  and is wearing a  blue stripped shirt  . He is  also  working  on a  electronic  device  .
A man wearing a blue and white stripe shirt, a pair of black pants and a black back pack.
A man juts his head forward over a curved upper back, while holding a cell phone in his right hand at chest height and taking a step forward with his left leg. He wears a black backpack low on is back, a bright-blue t-shirt with white horizontal stripes, black pants and white shoes.
The man has medium black hair, blue and white collared short sleeved shirt, black backpack, tablet in use by both hands, black pants, white shoes.
This woman is wearing a gray/black striped sleeveless shirt, black jeans, and blue brand name shoes.
The woman is walking on the sidewalk and is wearing gray pants and a light gray shirt that is sleeveless.
The women is wearing a striped dress with b lack leggings and purple shoes and a brown purse
A woman carries a shiny black tote bag over her left shoulder and a curved brown handbag over her right shoulder. She wears a hip-covering blouse in horizontal black and light-gray stripes over black leggings and gray shoes with a small chunky heel.
long sleeve green shirt with a collar and silver embellish on the side; blue jeans
The man has short, brown hair. He is wearing a dark colored jacket and dark pants. 
This man is wearing a purple shirt with a white logo on it. He has a messengebag over his shoulder and is wearing glasses 
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man wearing a purple shirt with a picture on it, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A man with black hair is wearing a dark blue shirt with a logo, black shorts and black sneakers.
The woman drinks from a bottle as she carries her H&M bag.  She also has a red scarf.
A lady drinking a can of liquid is walking from left to right.  She is earing a white shirt, black pants, a red scarf, and has a brown purse over her left shoulder.
A woman wears eyeglasses, has a ponytail, lifts a small gray container with her left hand to chin level, carries a brown tote bag over her left shoulder, a white, flat bag from her bent right arm, and wears a red scarf around her neck. She also wears a light-gray, long-sleeve top with black pants and dark shoes.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The lady has on an olive green dress over a pair of blue jeans. She is carrying a small pink bag in one hand.
The woman is wearing a black backpack, a dark green, long sleeved top, a dark green, skirt, and gray leggings that have a pattern on them.
The girl is wearing a light blue and pink dress. She is wearing a hat on her head. Her arms are raised upwards and bent at the elbow.
The woman wears a pink and light blue jacket. Her pants are also pink and light blue. She wears a hairnet. 
A woman with dark hair is wearing a green short sleeved shirt and black pants that go just below her knees.
A woman in a green shirt and black high-waters carrying a large purse with a brown stripe.
The pedestrian with dark hair walks with someone else's arm around her shoulders. She wears a green, short sleeve shirt with black capris. 
This is a lady who had her hair pulled back. She is wearing a green shirt with a logo on the front. She is wearing black shorts and flat shoes.
A woman in a long dark gray dress, a pair of white shoes and a brown bag over her shoulder.
The lady has short dark hair and is wearing a dark grey dress and light colored shoes. Her left arm is folded in front of her and she is ho,ding a light colored purse on her right shoulder.
The woman is wearing a sheer black dress that falls to just above her knees and has long sleeves. Her shoes are white flats and she has a bag over her right shoulder that rests against her waist and is mostly white.
A woman in a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown shoes.
The girl is visible from behind. She has black hair, and is wearing platform sandals, a short skirt, a baggy white shirt, and a light-colored backpack bag. She is carrying something in each hand.
A woman in a white shirt, a pair of gray pants and a white umbrella over the top of her head.
a woman with long brown hair and glasses is wearing a white and red top with a jean skirt. she is carrying shopping bags.
A woman wearing a white blouse, a pair of black pants and a pair of pink shoes.
A woman with brown hair is wearing a white t-shirt, black pants, dark shoes and black straps. 
A woman with glasses and long black hair wearing a white top with black leggings and dark red shoes carrying a white and black purse.
The individual appears to be male with short dark hair, a light colored polo, black below-the-knee shorts, and dark colored sandals.
Dark-haired male is wearing a gray short-sleeved t-shirt and black shorts.  His shoes appear to be high-top.
This gentleman is wearing teal short sleeved shirt, dark colored shorts and dark colored shoes. He is carrying a dark colored backpack on his back. 
The woman with the short black hair has a blue collared shirt and a black bag. 
The woman is wearing a blue shirt, and has black shorts on, along with black tennis shoes. She is carrying a black bag.
This man has short black hair that appear to have been shaved on the sides.  He is wearing a black jacket, grey skinny pants and black shoes  He also appears to be wearing a scarf.  His is carrying a black bag on his left shoulder.  
This person wears glasses and walks with her head down.  She wears grey pants and a black shirt.  She also has a stripe scarf and a black bag in her left hand.
The man is visible from his left side.  He has short dark hair and is wearing prescription glasses.  He has a black bag over his left shoulder.  He's wearing black shiny shoes and lightly colored pants.  He has on a black jacket and a grey collared button up shirt.
He is wearing a grey sweater with a black and white striped scarf. He is also wearing grey pants and black shoes. He is carrying a black jacket as well. 
A man wearing a gray tank top, a pair of brown pants and a pair of brown shoes.
He is wearing light khaki pants with the right leg pushed up higher than the left, a black top, and a watch on his left wrist. He is carrying a helmet on his left hand.
A man wearing a white shirt,a black belt and a pair of white shorts and a pair of shoes.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a white jacket, a pair of gray pants and a black belt.
A woman with short black hair is wearing a grey t-shirt, black pants, and platform sandals.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of brown shoes.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a brown bag on her left shoulder.
He is  mainly  bald  and  is wearing a grey shirt  with   dark  short pants  .  He  is  also   wearing something  around  his  neck .
A woman bends her head down while taking a step forward. She is wearing an open white sweater with short sleeves over a knee-length black dress.
The man has on a white t-shirt with writing on it. He has on dark colored shorts and light colored shoes. He is carrying a little bag.
A woman wearing a white shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of black shorts and a  pair of black and white shoes.
She is wearing black flats, light patterned tight pants, and a sleeveless black top with green frills on the bottom.
The woman has a purse over her right shoulder.  She has on dark flat shoes. She is wearing floral plants. She has on a black short sleeve shirt. Her hair is pulled back behind her head and held up with a clip and it is copper and black.
A man has glasses on the face. A man wears a purple shirt with a white design on left. He has black pants.
A man wearing a purple shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of black frame glasses and a pair of white shoes.
She wears a deep purple colored, short sleeved, hip length blouse with long black pants and white sneakers.
The person is wearing a short-sleeved purple shirt, glasses, and dark pants.  Their hair is short and very dark.
The man wears a white shirt black pants with black shoes he walks past a white vehicle and carries a black coat holding a black book.
He has  short  grey hair  and  is wearing  a light  colored  shirt  .  He  is  also  wearing  a  dark pair  of pants .
The old man is wearing sunglasses, a striped shoulder shirt, and black pants. He is carrying a black jacket.
He has  solid  grey  hair  and is  wearing  glasses  . He is  also  wearing  solid  black pants .
The grey haired man is wearing a short sleeved button down gray striped shirt with black pants and shoes, he has a device and jacket in his left hand.
A man wearing a red baseball cap is wearing a dark hooded sweatshirt with a logo, grey shorts and sneakers.
He is  wearing   a baseball  cap .  He  is  also  carrying a  black  back  pack .He is  wearing short pants .
Dark haired female wedding navy tshirt and jean shorts. She has on a yellow backpack and Nike shoes with black socks.
She has  long  black hair  that  goes  past  her  shoulders .  She is  also  wearing a  yellow  back pack .
The man wears a blue t shirt with black pant. His sandals are white.His left hand is in his hip.His left hand had cellphone.
A dark-haired man wearing black pants and short sleeve shirt is carrying something and walking down the step.
A man wearing a pair of blue jeans, a pair of black shoes with black socks and a blue shirt with a white logo.
An Asian man wearing a coral colored suit and designer shoes or boots. The suit jacket has an almost metallic design on it. He has black hair.
A man wearing all orange pants and a orange and gold jacket is dancing on the floor.
The woman is wearing an orange vest with brown fur around the hood over a white undershirt. She is wearing black pants and is carrying a black purse over her right arm.  
A woman wearing a puffy, red, fur lined jacket, a pair of tight black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A dark-haired woman with glasses has on a reddish jacket, dark pants, black shoes and a dark colored bag.
This woman is wearing a long white shirt covered by a brown jacket. She is wearing blue jeans and black shoes. She is carrying a grey backpack in her right hand. 
A man looks down at his lifted hands and wears a white dinner jacket over a white shirt and over black trousers with part of a black bow tie revealed at the neck while he leans with legs apart.
CAUCASIAN ADULT MALE SHORT DARK HAIR WEARING WHITE SUIT JACKET AND DARK PANTS WEARING A WHITE ONE ARM SHOULDER BAG CARRYING TOWARD HIS BACK
This man is facing the camera and is wearing a white blazer, a white shirt, black bow tie and black pants and shoes.
A man is lifting his left arm and his other hand over his body while he is formally dressed. He wears a white jacket over a white shirt and black bow tie with black trousers and shiny black shoes.
He has  short  black hair  and is wearing  a  white  business  jacket . He  is also wearing  black  dress  pants .
A man wearing a white suit jacket, a white shirt, a black bow tie and a pair of black pants and black shoes.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a white tuxedo jacket, white tuxedo shirt, black bow tie, black dress pants and black shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt under a white suit jacket, a black bow tie and a pair of black pants.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a formal suit with a black bow tie.  His shirt and jacket are white, and his shoes and pants are black.
The person is wearing a grey sweatshirt and wearing black pants, the person also has black hair.
The young woman is wearing a gray jacket and has black pants and white sneakers on. she is carrying a small bag.
a girl with cropped black hair and glasses holding a purse is walking along a corridor
The woman has shoulder-length black hair, a grey sweater, black pants and white shoes. She carries a black handbag.
A girl with a ponytail wearing a red top with blue denim thigh high skirt and carrying a yellow shoulder bag looking at a phone.
A young girl is walking and looking at her phone wearing a red t shirt and jean shorts with a yellow bag slung over her shoulder.
A woman looks down to her left at a cell phone she is holding up with her arm which also carries a red jacket while also carrying a yellow shoulder bag on her right. She wears a short-sleeve red top, over a dark-gray miniskirt with back slit, and flat, white shoes.
She's chubby and has shoulder length black hair and wearing a red short sleeved shirt with a denim skirt and light gray tennis shoes.
A girl with shorter black hair wearing a grey and orange striped shirt with a white skirt and black leggings carrying a shoulder purse.
The woman wears white sneakers, black tights, and an orange or pink and grey striped sweater. She carries a purse on her left shoulder.
This lady has short black hair cut in a bob. She is wearing a long sleeved sweater with pink and gray stripes. She is wearing white shorts with black tights underneath. She is wearing white shoes. She is carrying a black bag on her left shoulder.
A woman wearing a pink and gray stripe shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray and white shoes.
The woman is standing and has dark colored hair that is tied up in a bun.  Her floor length dress has a grey and black striped patter; she is wearing a white vest on top of it.
A woman stands tall wearing a light-gray vest with horizontal knit trim along the edge, a high-neck black blouse with long sleeves, a narrow, floor-length, black skirt with muted,  horizontal stripes and black shoes while carrying a small purse in both hands at her stomach.
A woman waring a long brown dress, a pair of gray shoes and a white vest over her shoulder.
A woman wearing a brown shirt under a white jacket, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The man is wearing a black shirt with a white stripe down side.with blue jeans and carring a bag
The older man is wearing gray pants, black and white shoes, a black top, and a black and white striped scarf. He has a messenger bag on his right shoulder.
Male with glasses. Wearing a suit and dress shirt with dress pants and black dress shoes. He is carrying a bag. 
Older slim guy with glasses. He is wearing a dark jacket with a scarf hanging down.
This man has gray hair and he's wearing a dark gray sleeveless jacket over a gray tank top and khaki colored pants.
A person looks toward the right. The person carries a dark-green helmet from the left hand on a straight arm. The person wears a pullover, black, protective vest with horizontal stitching with the front piece blowing upward. The person wears a watch on the left arm which is bare, and white pants ending above the ankle.
This blond man has short hair and he's wearing a light gray shirt and light gray pants with a brown belt.
A man is wearing light colored pants and a dark belt. He is also wearing a light colored, patterned shirt. 
The woman is wearing a gray shirt and black pants. She has on tan shoes. And is carrying a black bag. 
A woman with black hair is wearing a grey t-shirt, black pants, a black bag and has an open white umbrella.
She is  walking under  a  umbrella  .  She has  shoulder length  black hair  and  is wearing  a  grey top .
A man wearing a white shirt with black writing, a pair of white shoes and a pair of black shorts.
The young man is walking slowly and wears black shorts and a white tee shirt with short sleeves
A blonde haired man with a white tee shirt with blue writing and black shorts is waling carrying a satchel around his chest.
A boy with red or blonde hair is wearing a white short sleeved shirt, black short and white shoes.
A woman wearing ap air of white pants with patterns on them, a black tank top and a shirt, tight skirt.
This lady is wearing colorful leggings and a black t-shirt while carrying a black pocketbook on her shoulder/
A man in a purple shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing a purple shirt and long black pants. His sneakers are white and he has short black hair. 
The woman is wearing a purple shirt with long sleeves.  Her pants are black and her tennis shoes are white.
A man wearing a purple shirt, a pair of glasses, a pair of gray pants and a pair of shoes.
The man is carrying his black jacket and a book. He has on a gray and white shirt and black pants.
A man wearing a white and gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing a striped collared shirt. He is wearing black pants and black shoes. He carries a book and his black coat in his left hand.
This elderly gentleman has white hair.  He is wearing a short-sleeved shirt of light-colored plaid. His pants and shoes are black, and a black and white jacket is held at his side by one hand.
The man is wearing black pants with black shoes. He has on a collared, button-down shirt with short sleeves that has vertical stripes in white and grey. He is wearing sunglasses and in his left hand he is holding a black and white jacket and a book.
The man is wearing a black hoodie with black shorts, white socks and grey shoes.He is also wearing a red bald cap 
The man is wearing a red baseball cap, a black backpack that has black straps, a black sweatshirt that has a black hood attached to it, black shorts, white socks, and sneakers.
A woman wearing a dark blue shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of black and white shies.
This woman has long black hair and is wearing a black t shirt and shorts and is carrying a bright yellow backpack.
A man wearing blue jeans and a two toned shirt looks at his phone as he stands near some luggage on a street side.
The man wears a blue and white t-shirt and blue jeans as he stands along the yellow fence.
A man is wearing a blue tshirt with black pants and a scarf he is holding a phone 
a fancy gentlemen wearing a colored suit. he is wearing cowboy looking boots and his jacket has shiny designs on it.
A woman wearing a shiny pink and red jacket a pair of brown pants and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is wearing a brown jacket with a fur lined hood.  She is also wearing a gray short and black pants.  She is carrying a large bag on her right shoulder.
The lady is wearing a brown jacket with a gray sweater and black pants. She is also holding a big, black purse on her arm.
The woman is walking and has on dark colored pants and is wearing glasses, she also is holding a dark colored purse in her right hand. 
The long haired woman wears a short, orange bubble coat with a white shirt underneath, blue jeans and black shoes she carries a huge, black bag on her shoulder.
A white man with black hair wears white and black suit with a necktie color black.
A man with a white dress jacket and black dress pants has his right and and right leg bent.
The man is wearing black dress shoes, black pants and a white button down with a white blazer and a black bow tie.
A man wearing a white shirt, a black bow tie, a white suit jacket, a pair of black slacks and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a white jacket, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
This man has short black hair and he's wearing a white dress jacket, white shirt, and black pants and bow tie.
A man wearing a white shirt, a black bow tie, a pair of black pants, a white suit jacket and a shiny pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing a white button down shirt with a white blazer. He has on black shoes, a black bowtie and long black pants.
This is a Caucasian male with short black hair. He has on a white jacket with a white shirt underneath and a bow tie on. He is wearing black dress pants with black shoes.
The person is wearing a gray sweatshirt with black pants and seems to have long hair.

The woman is wearing loose fitting pants while carrying an object on her arm. The woman is walking.
The woman wears glasses and a gray cardigan over black pants. She also carries a black bag and wears black and white striped running sneakers.
A woman smiling walking forward wearing a grey jacket, black pants, and white shoes with a black bag on her right arm.
The woman is wearing a red shirt,blue skirt and grey shoes.She is also carrying a yellow shoulder bag and is looking at her phone
A girl with a ponytail wearing a red shirt with blue denim skirt and carrying a yellow shoulder bag.
A woman wearing a red shirt, a short gray skirt and a pair of white shoes.
a female wearing red T-Shirt and short black skirt with light brown purse long black hair holding a red color fabric light green shoes 
A woman with short black hair is wearing a peach and grey striped shirt, a tan skirt, black tights and has a black and white bag.
The woman with shoulderlength dark hair is wearing a longsleeved top with peach and gray stripes over black leggings
A woman wearing a tight pair of white shorts, a pair of black leggings, a gray and pink shirt.
She has short  black hair  and is  wearing  black framed  glasses .  She is  also  wearing  a stripped shirt  and  black  pants .
The woman is wearing a striped dress with a black and white jacket. She is carrying a small purse. 
The woman has black hair. She is wearing a black shirt, white sweater, and a striped skirt. She is carrying a small purse. 
The woman is wearing a long dark dress with long sleeves and a white vest. Her dark hair is pulled back and she has white earrings.
The woman is wearing a white vest over a grey and black dress with pointed shoes and white socks.
He has  a  bald  spot on his  head  . He is  wearing  glasses  and    a  white  tank top . 
He  has  very short  black  cut  hair  .He is  also wearing a  white shirt with  black  writing. 
A man wearing a white and black tank top, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A man waring a white tank top with black writing on the front, a pair of gray and black shoes and a pair of gray shoes.
Kid standing next to support beams wearing a blue shirt and black pants while carrying a blue backpack on his side. 
The man has dark hair and is wearing a blue jacket with a white stripe on the sleeves. He is also wearing dark pants and blue shoes.
The person is standing and wearing a light colored top, dark colored bottoms and their left arm is in front of their body.
A man wearing a white button-up shirt and a pair of black pants. around his waist.
This girl has long blonde hair and fair skin. She is wearing metallic gold pants and a burgundy jacket with black boots. 
A woman wearing a pair of tight fitting silver pants, a shiny red jacket and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is wearing a black top, maroon jacket (possibly leather).  She is also wearing gold lame jeans and heels.
A long haired woman is wearing a along white shirt with a black design and black shorts.
The woman with long brown hair is wearing a sleeveless brown and white top and brown shorts. She is carrying a black bag over her shoulder.
A man of asian descent with short dark hair wearing a blue long sleeve shirt, dark slacks, and white tennis shoes with a single strap back across his chest.
A girl with long black hair wearing a dark red top and blue-grey denim pants and carrying a white package.
A man with a green shirt and black cap is looking down at a plaque. He has an umbrella slung over his shoulder.
The man is wearing a green shirt with black shorts.  The man has on a black cap and white tennis shoes. The man has a black bag and white paper in his hand.
The woman wears a black top and a black skirt. She wears red and white shoes and has a black handbag.
A woman is wearing a short-sleeve, black dress that ends around the knees which has a curved, white line over a gray block covering the midriff paired with gray-and-white shoes.
The man has dark hair and is wearing dark shorts and a baseball T-shirt while carrying a black back pack over his right shoulder.  The man is wearing flip flops.
A man wears a white shirt and grey pants. He carries a backpack with black straps.
The man is wearing a black backpack, knee length shorts and a white shirt with grey, elbow length sleeves.
the man is wearing a white shirt with tan colored sleeves. The shirt has a graphic print on the front of it. His shorts are dark and he is also carrying a book bag on his shoulders. 
The woman has on a tan hooded jacket and wearing a black backpack. wearing light colored blue jeans and white shoes.
The girl has long black hair and she is wearing a pink hoodie and is carrying a black backpack on the back.
The woman is wearing a tan coat with a hood, carrying a black backpack, wearing jeans and white sneakers.
Female wears snug grey pants, tan jacket with hood, and dark back pack.  She has shoulder-length black hair.
A woman wearing a white shirt covered by a black sweater and black and white checked shorts with brown sandals carrying a brown folder.
The woman is wearing a black, long sleeved top, gray and white shorts, and she has on gray shoes.
The blonde man is wearing a brown prison uniform with pockets on the shirt and he is carrying pillows. 
The man is wearing a beige short sleeve shirt and beige pants. He is wearing brown shoes.
The man is wearing is wearing baggy cargo pants that appear to be khaki. He has a light colored short sleeve collared shirt on. 
The old man has on a brown suit and black shoes and has blankets in his hands 
The man has on khaki shorts.  He is standing up in a room. He has on a khaki colored shirt.  He is a middle aged gentleman.
A man wearing a dark blue tank top, a pair of brown shorts, a gray back pack and a wrist watch.
The person in blue shirt, khaki pants and black shoes is walking down a flight of stairs.
A woman wearing a dark blue shirt, a pair of white shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
This woman has short dark hair that is pulled into a white baseball cap so that her ponytail peeks out the back of the back. She is walking up a set of stairs and her right foot is on the next step, her left leg behind her. Her shirt is white and short sleeved with a graphic on the front that isn't fully visible, and her pants fall just below her knees and are bright pink. 
The woman is wearing a white hat and shirt.  She is wearing pink capris and sandals.
A woman has a white cap on her head. She wears a white tops that has brown borders. The woman wears pink capri pants.
The girl is wearing a white cap and her dark hair comes through the back of it. She is wearing a white t-shirt with red printed capris and light sandals.  She is carrying a shopping bag.  
The man wears a white shirt beige pants with black shoes he carries a black back pack.
This gentleman is on the tall side , dark hair  wearing a white shirt and light colored pants , he also is wearing a back pack .
Woman wearing a short sleeved, knee length black dress is holding a object in her hand and walking on the sidewalk.
A man wearing a black shirt.He is also wearing black pants and black shoes ,he is also wearing a watch on his arm with his hair pulled back.
A man wearing a tight fitting black shirt, a pair of tight black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A woman in a black shirt with a long sleeved white shirt underneath. She has light colored blue jeans on and a large black purse hanging on her side. 
The girl wears long blue jeans and a short sleeved black t-shirt. She carries a dark back on the left.
A woman looks to her left , has her smooth hair falling over her back and shoulders, carries a black shoulder bag over her left shoulder, and carries a flat, white object with circle print under her right elbow. She wears a black t-shirt, light-blue jeans, and gray running shoes.
The woman is carrying a backpack and wears a black shirt with jeans. She has long black hair and wears glasses.
The woman has dark hair. She is wearing a short sleeved, yellow t-shirt, dark short shorts and white shoes. 
A woman in a yellow shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of blue shorts and a pair of white shoes.
The woman is wearing a short sleeve yellow shirt with denim shorts.  Her hair is pulled back into a ponytail.
This woman is wearing a yellow short sleeved shirt that has an illustration on it, blue jean shorts, and white shoes.
A man wearing a blue and yellow shirt, a pair of black pants and a black belt.
He has  dark brown hair   that  is  cut  very  short  and  stylish  .  He is  wearing  a  blue  shirt  and is  carrying  a  black  bag  .
A man wearing a blue shirt with a pattern, a pair of black pants and a black belt.
A woman wearing a pair of short black shorts, a black shirt and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is walking and the photo is very blurry, the woman seems to have shorts on.
A woman wearing a short black skirt, a pair of gray shoes and a balck shirt with no sleeves.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of blue jean pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The lady is wearing black slacks, and has on a long sleeved, light blue button up shirt, untucked.
They are wearing a light colored collared shirt with long black pants. Their shoes are black.
The pedestrian is quite blurry in this photo, so much so that an accurate description may not be made. 
Man with glasses and dark hair wearing a white sleeveless shirt with lettering on the front, dark shorts and slip on shoes carrying a bottle in the left hand.
The man is wearing a white tank top with black trim and dark shorts.  His sneakers are gray and black.
Man with short black hair that is wearing a white tank top with black edging and black shorts. He is standing on tile with tennis shoes. 
This man is wearing a white tank top with writing on the front and gray shorts and shoes.
A person with a purple bag and wearing blue tennis shoes is standing still looking at something
The picture is too blurry to see any what the person is wearing or even the person's gender.
He has     a  large  bald  spot on the  top of his  head . He is  wearing  a white  shirt   and  black  pants  .
A man walks with head erect, arms against his sides and very squared shoulders. He wears a buttoned white shirt with short sleeves and black slacks.
THE LADY WEARING SKINNY GREY JEANS AND MAROON JACKET. SHE ALSO WERS BLACK HEELED SHOES.HER BLOND HAIR FLOWS FREELY SHE KEEPS HER HANDS TOGETHER AT HER CHEST
A woman's wavy, long hair falls over the back of her brownish-red, waist-length leather jacket worn with tight, gold pants and black shoes.
A woman with blond hair is walking on pavement wearing gold jeans, black shirt and red jacket.
The lady wears a black and white top black shorts with brown wedge shoes as she stands inside the room.
A woman wearing a white and green top, a dark colored skirt and a black bag over her right shoulder.
An older boy who is wearing a blue jacket and dark pants is walking and looking to his right.
A black haired person is wearing a black, red and white jacket, a shirt and a dark colored pair of pants.
A man has on a green collared shirt with thin white stripes.  He also wears white shoes and black knee length shorts.  He has an orange and brown cushion type item in a back pocket and a black umbrella strapped to his shorts on the right side.
The man is wearing a green polo shirt and black shorts with white sneakers and a black/white hat.
The woman is wearing white and red shoes on her feet.  Her clothing is black. She is wearing a watch on her wrist.  A bag is on her shoulder.
A woman wearing a black skirt, a black shirt, a pair of gray socks and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing black flip-flops with a pair of dark grey shorts that reach just below his knees. He has on a grey tee-shirt with a white logo on the back. He has a black backpack on his back.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A man in a white and gray shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
The dark-haired man is wearing green-gray cargo shorts with a white t-shirt that has green-gray short sleeves.
The lady in blue jeans and a tan colored hoodie looks like a student with a backpak full of work.  
The young women has a tan jacket , black book bag , and blue jeans on.
A woman wears a light brown hooded jacket and form-fitting blue jeans.  She has a black backpack over both shoulders and white sneakers on her feet.
She is wearing a light brown sweater jacket and has a large black back pack on her back. He is wearing jeans and sneakers. 
This woman has long black hair and she's wearing sunglasses, a white shirt with a black sweater, plaid shorts and she's carrying a book in her arms.
The woman is wearing a long sleeve black jacket with some black and white and black pants, she also is carrying a black bag.
Man is looking at the camera. He is wearing a khaki colored, pant and shirt, uniform and holding 2 packages in his arms.
 Man wears short sleeve tan shirt. Wearing matching tan slacks.  Shoes are dark in color. 
He has on a beige dress shirt. He is wearing beige pants. He has short hair. He has short black hair.
A man wearing a brown work short, a pair of brown slacks and a name top on the front of his shirt.
The man appears to be wearing a vest over a white or whitish colored shirt.
A man in short hair  and wearing  an orange short and   carrying a backpack walking on the road 
The man has dark hair and skin. He is wearing a light blue shirt and yellow colored pants.
She has  short  black hair   . She is  wearing  a  bright  blue  shirt    and  short  pants  .
The woman has her hair in a bun and is walking up steps. She is wearing a white hat, white t-shirt, and pink pants.
The woman is seen walking from the side. She is wearing a white shirt with a graphic on the front.  She is wearing pink shorts and sandals.
Lady wears white t-shirt with red Chinese character in front.  She has knee length pink pants and sandals.
A woman in a white shirt, a pair of pink pants, a white hat and a pair of glasses.
A man with short black hair is wearing a white shirt with tan paints and is carrying a black backpack.
A man wearing a bright white shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
A person has one foot on the ground and the other foot lifted in the back while clasping both hands at waist level and looking to the side. The person is wearing a black dress with short sleeves, black stockings and black shoes.
He is wearing a black short sleeve t-shirt. He has on black pants. He is wearing black shoes.
The woman is wearing a tightly fitted, short sleeve black shirt with matching black pants .
The woman is wearing a black shirt,baby blue jeans ans black shoes.She is also carrying a black shoulder bag.
A woman with long black straight hair is wearing a small black t-shirt, a light pair of pants and a bag.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of gray and white shoes.
A young oriental girl with black hair and glasses. She is wearing a black and white shirt, jeans and sneakers.
A woman in a yellow shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of short shorts and a pair of white shoes.
THE WOMAN IS WEARING A YELLOW SHIRT WITH A RED HEART ON THE FRONT AND SHORT DENIM SHORTS AND WHITE TENNIS SHOES.
The woman has long dark hair, which she ties back in a ponytail. She has on a butter-yellow t-shirt and gray shorts.
Woman with dark hair tired back.  She is wearing a yellow t-shirt with short blue jean shorts and white shoes.  
He  has  a  well  designed  blue shirt  on  and is  wearing    black  pants . His  belt  buckle  is  also  very shiny .
The man dressed in a blue patterned shirt and blue jeans is carrying a black jacket in one hand and carrying a bag on his shoulder.
The man wears a blue,grey,and black shirt black pants he carries a black shoulder bag holding a black jacket inside his hand.
A woman with black hair is wearing black shorts and a black top and carrying something in one hand.
This woman has long black hair and she is wearing a black short sleeved top and black skirt and shoes.
She has  long  black hair  . She is  wearing  all  black  clothes . She is  wearing  tennis shoes.
This man is seen from the back. He has a black bag draped across is back. He is wearing a white shirt and blue jeans. 
A woman holding a cup in her right hand with black hair, long button down blue shirt, long black jeans and black shoes.
The man is wearing a long sleeve gray shirt with a pair of black pants.
A woman in a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes on her feet.
A man wearing glasses turns his head to his left, has his right arm at his side, and carries a curved black shoulder bag slung over his back and rear. He wears a gray sweatshirt with hood over his back, darker gray pants and white athletic shoes.
A man with black hair is wearing glasses, a white hooded sweatshirt, grey pants, white sneakers and a black bag.
A man wearing a white jacket over a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing a white long sleeve sweater, long gray sweat pants, and white sneakers. He is carrying a black back bag.
The man wearing a pink shirt has his arms bent at the elbows with his hands behind his head. 
The man is walking and looking down. he is wearing a bright read shirt and black long pants. He is wearing black shoes with white stripes on the side. He has short black hair. 
The man is wearing a red tshirt which makes him appear to have wide shoulders. He's wearing black pants. 
The man is wearing a red short sleeved shirt and long black pants. He is also wearing black shoes.
This man is wearing a white short sleeved shirt, black pants, and brown shoes. He is also carrying a bag on his shoulder.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of brown shoes and a gold watch on her wrist.
A woman wearing a white shirt with a picture, a pair of black pants and a black jacket.
This person is walking down a set of brick stairs and is carrying a black case with grey edging. Her brown hair is in a ponytail and her left hand is near her face. She is wearing black pants, a white shirt with a print on the front, and a black jacket.
This person had a dark skin tone, wearing a black open jacket and black pants and shoes while wearing white gloves and carrying a black case with silver edges.
The individual is an adult Asian male wearing white sneakers black trousers and a white short-sleeve shirt
A man with a ponytail is wearing a light colored shirt, black pants and white shoes.
girl is wearing pink shirt and pink shoes . She also wears light blue capris and has her hair in a pony tail and his holding someone's hand
The child in the pink shirt and shoes is holding the hand of an adult as they walk along together.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair o gray pants and a pair of white and black shoes.
He is wearing a light blue dress shirt and black pants. He has a black back pack on his back. He is walking down the street.
The woman has a yellow short sleeved shirt and blue capri pants. She is carrying a water bottle and has a bag across her body. 
A woman wearing a yellow shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
The woman in this picture is wearing a red shirt, a long black skirt and had short black hair. 
A woman wearing a pink blouse, a long, black skirt and a pair of black dress shoes.
A female with black hair and a red top, with a black skirt and dark shoes holding an object in her right hand.
The woman has very short dark hair and is wearing a read short sleeved shirt with a flowing black skirt.
A dark haired woman with a white sweater, jean shorts, and athletic shoes wears a scarf around her neck.
A girl with long black hair wearing a shite long sleeve shirt with white short shorts. She is carrying a black shoulder bag.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of white shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman with dark hair, wearing a white sweatshirt, while shorts and grey sneakers, is walking and carrying a black bag. 
The man is wearing a black T-shirt and blue jeans. He is pushing a bicycle. He is wearing flip flops.
The man is wearing a black t-shirt, grey pants, dark colored shoes, and is carrying a black back pack.
The woman is wearing a long sleeved, gray sweater over a white top. She has on blue jeans and white shoes. She is carrying a bag on her shoulder.
The woman is wearing a gray, long sleeved jacket, over a white shirt, jeans, and white sneakers.
She has  short  black  hair  and  is  wearing   a  blue  shirt .  She is  also  wearing  black pants  with  white   dots .
The woman is wearing a black bag. she has on black pants, white sneakers, and a grey shirt.
dark pants with black shoes ,carrying a floral print bag ,white shirt and dark long hair
She  has  shoulder length  black hair   .  She  has  a light shirt on  and  is   carrying  a  colorful   bag .
The woman is wearing a purple an pink printed shirt, a cream cardigan, black skirt, black tights, and purple shoes.
The woman is wearing a hot pink jumpsuit, studded in silver. She has two belts encircling the suit.  One belt is hotpink, the other is silver.  She also has on hot pink stilettos.  She is wearing sunglasses and carrying a pink purse.
The woman has long brown hair.  She is wearing gold colored sunglasses with a red suit and pant.  She also has a red purse.
The man is wearing a light blue button down shirt and white pants. He is wearing black sneakers.
The man is walking with his hands in his dark pants while looking downwards. He is wearing a short light colored shirt that is tucked into his pants. 
The man is wearing a collared white shirt with long black pants and brown shoes. 
A man walks in a white shirt and black pants with one hand in his pocket and the other hand held to his mouth with a cigarette in it.
The girl is wearing a long sleeved, black shirt with red dots, black pants, and black shoes. She has a bag over her shoulder with a black and red plaid design.
A woman waring a pink shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a pair of black pants, a pink shirt and a blue and red bag on her right shoulder.
A woman wearing a brown polka-dot shirt, a pair of black pants and a gray black in her hands.
A woman with long dark hair is wearing a dark long sleeved shirt, white shirt underneath, grey pants and white tennis shoes. The woman is also holding a grey sweatshirt. 
The woman wearing white tennis shoes carried a partly open white umbrella and a jacket.
This woman is carrying several items draped over her right arm, has a dark jacket over a light t-shirt, tight fitting pants, possibly leggings, and white tennis shoes.
She wears a black sweater over a white t-shirt with red letters on the front, black long pants and white sneakers. She has a gray coat slung over her right forearm. 
The man has a shoulder bag on his left and wears a dark color jacket with a light color jeans and sneakers.
A young man, carrying some type of soft briefcase is walking. He has fairly short, dark hair and is wearing a dark jacket, blue jeans and white tennis shoes.
The man has on a dark jacket.  He wears jeans and carries a dark bag on the left side.
The young man has short, dark hair, is wearing a dark jacket, gray jeans and tennis shoes and is carrying a messenger bag.
The man wears a sleeveless gray shirt and black pants. He plays a guitar and wears sunglasses. He has brown curly hair.
He has  bushy  brown hair  and  is  wearing  dark sun glasses  . He  is  also  holding a  guitar  .
The man is wearing a light t-shirt and a dark vest. He is wearing dark brown shorts. He has a goatee. He is carrying an acoustic guitar.
A white male dressed in a white short sleeve shirt with  black pants holding a red bag also wearing glasses.
A man is carrying a red bag in his right hand and is stepping up on a curb
a man with jeans, dark shoes, and a white shirt with a design on the front. he is carrying a bag in his hand.
The man is walking are wears dark pants, white shirt and black shoes. Carries a dark red bag in his right hand.
The man has short black hair. He is wearing a blue short sleeve shirt, grey pants, and grey shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his shoulder. 
A man wearing a gray jacket, a pair of gray pants and a pair of white shoes on his feet.
The man is wearing a gray, hooded sweatshirt, gray pants, and white tennis shoes. He has glasses and black over the shoulder bag.
A man with short black hair is wearing a grey shirt, a grey sweatshirt, tan pants, and white sneakers.
A man with short black hair is wearing a tan long sleeve hooded sweatshirt, grey pants and a black bag.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a short sleeved red t-shirt with black pants and black shoes. 
The man is wearing a reddish orange shirt, long black pants, and black shoes with a white stripes.  He might have a watch on.
He is wearing a bright red shirt with long black pants and black shoes. He has short black hair.
The young man is wearing a bright orange short-sleeved shirt and long black pants with black shoes.  He has short dark hair
This man has short black hair and he's wearing a white shirt, black pants and sandals and he has a bag over his shoulder.
The man is wearing a white shirt and dark pants.  He is carrying a bag over one shoulder. 
The woman walking toward me is wearing black pants, a white shirt and a black jacket. She is also carrying a case.
A woman wearing a pink shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of black pants, a brown belt and a black leather jacket.
FEMALE CARRYING BLACK BOX CASE WITH HEAVY SILVER TRIM ON EDGES. WEARING BLACK JACKET AND PANTS WITH BLACK SHOES. MAY BE WEARING WHITE GLOVES.
The man wears a formal shirt which is half handed with a black pant.He had a watch in his left hand.He had a white shoes.
The man walks while wearing a white shirt tucked into black pants.   The man also is wearing white shoes.
The girl is wearing pink shoes and a pink shirt.  Her pants are a blue color.  Her hair is pulled back.
She is wearing pink shoes, green pants, and a pink shirt with short sleeves. She has dark hair in a ponytail.
The person has dark short hair and is wearing a light blue shirt with baggy jeans and a black back pack over shoulders.
A balding man with a long sleeve white jacket and jeans carrying a dark colored back pack walking away from the camera.
walking down the street wearing yellow tee and jean shorts something is hung around arm and chest
The lady wears a yellow t shirt blue jean pants with beige shoes she carries a black shoulder bag.
The woman is wearing a red dress shirt with a black long skirt and black shoes.She also has short dark hair
A woman with dark hair, either styled in an up-do or with short hair wearing a red short sleeve top, a black flowing skirt and low heeled shoes.
A woman in a red dress, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
A woman in a red shirt, a long black skirt and a pair of white and gray shoes.
A woman wearing a white sweater, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of black shoes
A woman with long black hair is wearing a white sweatshirt, tan shorts, black socks and grey shoes. She has a black bag.
This woman has long black hair and she's looking down at something he's holding in her hands, she's wearing a white jacket and white shorts.
A woman wearing a white jacket with a zipper, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
He has short  black hair  and  is wearing a  black shirt.He is also  carrying a  drink in one hand  .
A man with short black hair, wearing a black t-shirt, blue denim jeans, dark shoes and has a black backpack.
The lady is wearing light blue jeans and a white top with a green button up dress jacket over it. She has a dark purse on her left shoulder.
The young lady is wearing a white shirt with a dark jacket with some dark blue jean pants.
This woman is wearing a light blue shirt and polka dot pants and tennis shoes.
This woman is walking behind a crowd of people. She's wearing a small black handbag across her body, white tennis shoes, dark, patterned trousers, and a light purple t-shirt.
Woman with dark hair that falls below the shoulders wearing a cream colored blouse with the sleeves pushed up, black pants and dark shoes, carrying a large patterned bag in her left arm in front of her body.
The woman has long, dark hair and is turned away from the camera. She is wearing a white long sleeve shirt, black pants, and black flat shoes. She is carrying a backpack with one strap on one shoulder with a red and white design.
A woman wearing a black dress, a pair of blue jeans, a white sweater and a pair of brown shoes.
A young woman wearing red high heels, a bright red leather outfit accentuated with a series of golden accessories, and a red and gold purse talks on her cell phone.  
The lady is wearing a red leather jacket with gold details and red leather pants. She has red high heels on and a red and gold purse. She has dark shoulder length hair and wears sunglasses. 
The man is wearing a white shirt with a collar and short sleeves.  His pants are black.  He is wearing black shoes.
The man is wearing a white short sleeved dress shirt with black slacks and black shoes, and has his hands in his pockets
A man in a white shirt with buttons, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a black belt around his waist.
The woman has long dark hair and is wearing a red flannel shirt with skinny black pants and a bag.
A woman with long dark hair wearing black pants, black boots and a black shirt featuring pink circles carries a multi colored shoulder bag into a building.
The woman carries a plaid shoulder bag and wears a red plaid shirt.  She is wearing black pants and short boots.  Her hair is long and dark.
Female with long dark hair is wearing a red polka dot tunic with black leggings and boots.  She is carrying a red and blue plaid purse.
The women walks while wearing eyeglasses, a white shirt, a black button-up sweater and white shoes. 
The woman is wearing dark leggings and white athletic shoes.  She is carrying a second pair of shoes and something else is draped over her right arm.
She has on leggings and a white shirt with a design on the front. there is a black long sleeved shirt over the white one. She is wearing white shoes and has white bags in her right hand.
The woman has on white sneakers and a red and white t shirt, she is also carrying a grey jacket.
The man is wearing blue jeans and sneakers.  He has on a black shirt and is carrying a black knapsack.
A man walking to the right carrying a black bag on his left shoulder wearing a black coat, blue jeans, and white shoes. 
This person has short black hair and is wearing faded blue jeans and sneakers,  a dark long sleeved jacket and a black messenger back on the shoulder
Young man with dark hair carrying a messenger bag and wearing black jacket, blue jeans, and white shoes. 
The woman is wearing a light colored blouse covered by a dark jacket as well as dark pants while holding a guitar
This person has hair that's blowing in the wind and is carrying a guitar, she is wearing a t shirt with another shirt over it, and dark shorts.
Male with large afro and beard. Sleeveless brown or tan shirt. Long tan shorts. Playing guitar.
This person is holding a red bag in his right hand. He is wearing glasses. He has a white t-shirt and dark pants, with dark boots.
A man wearing a white t-shirt and black pants lifts up his left leg. He is carry a bag in his right hand.
Average height male with a white t-shirt, dark jeans, dark shoes carrying a shopping bag.
A man wearing a white t-shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
the man is wearing long dark pants, dark shoes, a black cross-body bag, and a light turquoise collard shirt.  He has short cut black hair.  
The man wears long pants and a light blue, short sleeve shirt. He wears sports shoes and glasses.
The man is wearing a pale green, collared, short-sleeve shirt and dark khaki pants. The man has brown hair and is wearing a cross-body bag.
The man wears a light blue shirt grey pants with grey shoes he carries a black camera.
A woman wearing a pink shirt with a picture on it, a pair of black pants and a pair of pink shoes.
A younger girl dressed in pink is holding an elders hand while walking down the street.
A girl wearing a pink shirt, a pair of blue pants and a pair of pink and white shoes.
The man is wearing a short sleeve maroon shirt with black pants he has a dark colored backpack on and short dark hair
a youger kid with black hair and glasses wearing a purple shirt and black pants he also has white shoes.
The boy is wearing baggy black jeans and a purple t shirt, has on glasses and a backpack on his back.
A person wearing eyeglasses is walking with a curved leg and a straight leg. The person wears a purple t-shirt with white logo over the left breast, and black pants. The right arm is at the side and the left elbow is bent. Black straps cross over the shoulders.
The woman has very short dark hair and is wearing a royal blue dress that extends to her knees. she may have a white bag tucked under her left arm. She is also wearing tan, strappy sandals. 
A woman carries a gray handbag with horizontal black trim and black handles on her bent elbow and has her other arm at her side. She wears a deep-blue dress with short sleeves and knee-length hem with tan shoes.
The lady has on a traditional type of kimono with wood block sandals. She has black hair that is short and cropped close to her face.
A woman wearing a long, gray skirt with a black belt, a pair of sandals and a floral colored shirt.
The girl is wearing a grey robe with a black sash around her waist. She has wooden shoes. She is holding her neck with both her hands.
Young ,slim Asian male, short hair,glasses ,wearing a white T shirt with a number 9 logo on it. Red shorts and gray sneakers with black low cut socks.
A little girl wearing a blue jean skirt, a pair of shoes and a black and white shirt.
A male wearing a dark colored shirt with sneakers and a dark blue denim pants carrying a red backpack.
A young man with black hair, wearing a dark shirt, and jeans is walking and carrying a knapsack over his shoulder. 
A man wearing a black shirt with a white picture on front, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
A male with short hair wearing a black tee shirt with blue pants and shoes carrying a red backpack.
A woman with curly brown hair is wearing glasses, a blue sweatshirt, blue jeans and she has two shopping bags.
This woman is wearing a blue sweater, grey pants, and white/black  shoes. She is also carrying a bag on her shoulder while holding a paper bag filled with items in her hand.
A young woman in a bright green tshirt and black jeans is walking down the stairs
A woman is wearing a green short sleeve shirt with a cross body purse to her side. She has brown hair and her mouth is slightly open. She has brown pants and white shoes and is in the process of walking.
A woman waring a green shirt, a pair of tight fitting gray pants, a pair of black and white shoes and a black bag over her left shoulder.
A woman is walking toward us.  She has long dark hair down to her elbows.  She is wearing a green short sleeve shirt and long dark grey pants.
The man has short light hair and is wearing a black t-shirt. He is also wearing shorts and white tennis shoes.
A man wearing a dark black shirt with a white logo on the back, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of white shoes.
The woman has long brown hair. She is wearing a medium length black and green dress, and black sandals. 
A woman with very long brown hair is wearing a dark colored dress with a slit on the side. She is holding a large white card.
Balding male with gray hair, wearing glasses, dark colored shirt over a colored shirt, dark pants and dark colored shoes.
The man is balding.  He is wearing a dark colored shirt and black pants.  The hair that remains is white and grey.
The man is wearing silver glasses with black shoes and black pants and a jacket 
The older man is wearing black slacks, a blue shirt with a black pullover layered over the shirt. He has gray hair with a bald spot over the top of his head.
She is  wearing a  white  cap   and  a  black   jacket  . She also  is wearing a  long  grey  scarf   and  black pants .
She is wearing white tennis shoes, black pants, and a long sleeved maroon jacket. She is carrying a blue backpack and is wearing a white sunshade.
The man is walking down the stairs.  He is wearing a checkered shirt and blue pants and carrying a bag.
The man is wearing a black and white plaid shirt, blue jeans and flip flops. He is carrying a bag over his right shoulder.
THE MAN IS LOOKING TO THE RIGHT, HAS A RED BAG WITH YELLOW STRIPPING, AND A WHITE SHIRT.
This man is wearing a white, long-sleeved shirt. His pants and shoes are dark in color.
The womanis waring a white shirt, a gray shirt, and a scarf. She is carrying a backpack on her back.
A woman wearing a long white skirt, a gray, long sleeve shirt and a gray scarf.
The woman is wearing a white lace long sleeved top along with a ankle length sheer white skirt. She has a dark colored backpack on her pack and her light brown hair almost reaches her waist.
She  has long  straight  brown  hair .She  is  also  wearing a  all  beige  dress .She  is  also  carrying a  back pack .
The girl has long brown hair.  She is wearing white pants with a long sleeve grey top. She is carrying a guitar case.
A woman wearing a gray, long sleeve shirt, a long blue scarf around her neck and a long white skirt.
A woman with long black, straight hair is wearing a grey long sleeved top, a grey scarf and a long tan skirt.
A man wearing a white shirt with a black logo, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
She  has  shoulder length  black  hair that  is  straight .  She is  also  wearing  a   black  skirt .
A girl dressed in a long black skirt and light shirt carrying a white purse walks beside another young person in a mall.
The woman is wearing a gray shirt with black pants and light colored shoes. She is carrying a light blue purse on her right shoulder. She is also carrying a light colored umbrella.
A woman holds a blue umbrella and blue purse. She wears a black and blue top. She has on black pants.
A tan skinned woman with long dark hair who is carrying a light blue umbrella. She's wearing a gray t-shirt and black pants.
A woman in a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes on her feet.
This  young man has  a bag over  one shoulder   and  is  wearing a  grey shirt  and  black  short pants   with  light  colored shoes on his  feet .
The man is standing facing away from the camera. He is wearing a gray shirt with navy shorts and white sneakers with aqua and orange detailing. He is carrying two bags, one over his shoulder and one in his hand that matches his shoes.
Man with black pants and gray tee shirt walking in a department store carrying a grey bag.
He is wearing orange tennis shoes, light colored shorts that go down to his knees, and a short sleeved pink shirt. He is carrying a black backpack on both shoulders.
The man has short black hair, is wearing a pastel oranget-shirt with white piping on the sleeves, off-white cargo shorts, and tan sneakerswith pastel orange shoelaces. he is carrying a black duffel bag on his back. 
Male with black back pack and salmon colored short sleeved shirt. Pale blue pants to just below knee. 
The man is wearing black shoes, black shorts with a yellow stripe down the side, and a bright yellow shirt.  He has glasses and black hair.
Young man with a yellow shirt on. He also has on black shoes and black shorts. His black shorts have a yellow stripe on them.
A man walks with his left hand in a pocket while a small black container is attached to a shoulder strap going over his back. He wears a light-blue shirt with short sleeves and gray trim over dark-gray pants and gray-and-black running shoes.
A MAN IS WEARING A SHORT SLEEVED BUTTONED UP SHIRT WITH DRESS PANTS AND BLACK SHOES
a man in a public place wearing a green shirt green pants and a bag on his shoulder.
The little girl wears a t pink shirt black shorts with as she walks  pink shoes down the middle of the street.
The girl has long black hair pulled into a pony tail with a pink bow, pink short sleeve long shirt, black short pants, sandals, and is holding someone's hand.
She  has  short  black hair  in pig  tails  . She is  also  wearing a  pink shirt  and  pink  shoes .
A man in a purple shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The man is smiling and he is wearing a purple shirt with black pants and grey shoes.He is also wearing reading glasses
A chunky young male wearing glasses, carrying a black backpack, wearing a mauve t shirt, black jeans and white tennis shoes.
A man in a purple shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The short woman with short dark hair has a blue dress and light colored sandals on.
She  has short  black hair    .  She is  also  wearing   a  dark blue  dress  .She is  also  wearing  dress  shoes .
The woman is holding flowers in her hands.  She is wearing a denim jacket and skirt. Her open-toe sandals are light gray with a heel.
The woman wears a traditional, ankle length, gray robe with kimono sleeves and wooden sandals.
A woman  wearing a pair of gray pants, a gray shirt, a gray black sash and a pair of shoes.
The man is wearing a white t-shirt, red shorts, brown sneakers, glasses, and is turning around to look over his shoulder.
The woman has dark hair and is carrying a female child in her hands.  She has on a white shirt with blue sleeves and a light blue skirt.  
A person wearing a black shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of gray and white shoes.
He has short  black  hair  and is  wearing a  black shirt. He is  also  carrying  a red  and  black  back pack .
The man is wearing a black shirt with a white design in the middle,grey pants and white shoes.He is also carrying a black backpack
A person is walking with another person and has a red and black backpack on his back and gray pants.
The lady is thin with long curly hair. She is wearing light colored blue jeans and a blue hoodie, carrying a shopping bag in eachhand.
The woman is wearing a blue sweatshirt that has a blue hood on it, blue jeans, black and white sneakers, and is carrying a brown and red shopping bag.
A woman looks up while descending . She carries a white object in the palm of her right hand and a gray object from her left hand. She has long waist-length hair falling over the front of her shoulders. She wears a bright-green t-shirt, gray pants, and white shoes with black trim. She has a small, flat bag at her left hip with the thin and long strap crossing over the front of her body and over her right shoulder. Her right leg is extended behind her.
The woman is wearing a green shirt and pants. She has dark colored hair and has some sort of bag.
The woman has long black hair, and is wearing a green short-sleeved shirt and gray pants. Her shoes are white with black socks. She has a black purse on her left shoulder and a white paper in her hand.
A woman in a green shirt, a pair of gray pants and ap air of white shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt with a white logo on the back, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of white shoes with white socks.
The man is wearing a black shirt and gray shorts. He wears white socks and white tennis shoes. 
The woman has long brown hair and is wearing a silver bracelet. She is also wearing a black dress with black tights and has a green design on the front. 
A woman wearing a black skirt with yellow writing, a pair of black shoes and a pair of black pantyhose.
Elderly balding man with grey hair. Wearing dark business clothing and light button-up shirt. 
A man walking in the opposite direction wearing a black sweater over a light blue shirt, with black pants, and black shoes. 
The man is older.  He is facing left.  He is wearing a light blue shirt with a black sweater.
He is wearing dark shoes, long black pants, and a black sweater with a small white design on the upper back and a light collared collar above the sweater.
A woman wearing a black and white stripe shirt, a black jacket, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The young lady is wearing a long sleeve dark jacket with some long black jeans, and white shoes.
A man wearing a black and white plaid shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of blue shoes.
The backside of a man with a black and white plais shirt, blue jeans and loafers is carrying a backpack on his right shoulder.
The man wears a white t-shirt and black pants with brown shoes he carries a red and yellow shopping bag as he walks in front of the man.
The man has a white button-down shirt, with dark slacks.  He has his hands on his hips.
the girl is talking to someone while she points to something, she is wearing a backpack weraing a blue shirt with a blue scarf and white skirt.
The woman has long black hair. She is playing the violin. She is wearing a white dress, blue scarf, and grey jacket. 
She has  long  straight hair . She is  also carrying  a  back pack  on her  back.  She is also wearing a  light   skirt .
The woman is wearing a sheer white, floor length skirt, and a blue backpack on her back.  She has long brown hair.
The woman has long, dark, straight hair, and is wearing a blue/gray sweater and a long white skirt. She carries a megaphone.
This is a photo of a young girl with long black hair and carrying a tote bag.  She is wearing a long sleeve blouse with a scarf and a white skirt.
A woman wearing a gray jacket, a long white skirt and a gray scarf around her neck.
He  has  short  spike  styled  black  hair   . He is  also wearing a  white  shirt  and   black pants .
A young man strolling and carrying something in his  left hand and wearing a white shirt and black pants.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of dark black pants and a pair of white shoes.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a silver wrist watch, a long black skirt and a pair of white shoes.
The woman is holding a light blue umbrella over her head.  She is wearing a short sleeved top and black pants.  Her tennis shoes are gray.

A woman in a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
A woman in a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray and white shoes.
The woman is walking and she is wearing a washed green shirt with black pants and white shoes.She is also wearing a black umbrella amnd carries a green shoulder bag
The man with a shoulder bag wearing a heather grey t-shirt with a white label on the back is also wearing dark shorts and white sneakers.
The person is wearing a grey shirt and dark blue shorts. They have on blue and white shoes. They are carrying a blue bag on their shoulder. 
The man has short, black hair. He is wearing a gray t-shirt and dark colored shorts. He is wearing sneakers and has a bag over his right shoulder.
He is wearing a pink t-shirt and white shorts. He has on orange and grey sneakers. He is wearing a black book bag. He has short black hair.
This man is wearing a peach colored short sleeved shirt, white shorts, and orange running shoes. Hre's also carrying a black book bag on his back.
A man wearing a pink shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of red shoes.
The man is wearing black shorts with a yellow side-stripe and a yellow shirt.  He is wearing black shoes.
A man wearing a yellow shirt, a pair of black and yellow shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a blue suit jacket, a pair of blue and pink stripe pants, a pair of whit shoes and a pair of sun glasses in his hands.
He is wearing white shoes, light colored pants, and a white collared shirt with a blue suit jacket with double breasted buttons. He is carrying a pair of glasses in his right hand.
This man has a light blue suit jacket, white dress shirt and pastel stripe pants with white high top shoes and is holding sunglasses in his right hand
A man wearing a blue, dress jacket, a white t-shirt, a pair of pink and blue stripe pants with lines on them.
This man has short dark hair.  He is wearing acid-washed denim jeans and a white T-shirt with a black/grey graphic on it.
A man wearing a white shirt with black writing, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt with a black logo, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
She has  long  black hair   and is wearing a  blue  shirt  with a design .She is  also  wearing  blue jeans  .
The woman is wearing a blue printed dress tee. She is also wearing blue jeans and blue tennis shoes.
A man wearing a black and white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray and white shoes.
The man wearing glasses wears a black and white t shirt beige pants he carries a black back pack as he walks along the sidewalk looking forwards.
A male with short hair wearing a white tee shirt with light brown pants and carrying a black backpack.
The boy is wearing a white t-shirt with khaki pants and black tennis shoes, he is also wearing eye glasses and carrying a black back pack.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of brown pants and a black back pack.
The man is wearing a white, button, long sleeve shirt. He has dark pants and glasses. 
THE MAN IS WEARING DARK PANTS WITH A LONG SLEEVED WHITE SHIRT WITH SLEEVES ROLLED UP AT THE WRISTS. 
A man wearing a white tank top, a white over shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing black sandals with a pair of black shorts that reach below his knees. He is wearing a grey tee-shirt with short sleeves and a black ball cap.
The man has black hair. He is mid stride. The man is also wearing a grey shirt accompanied with black pants and gray flip flops.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of black shorts, a pair of white socks and a pair of black shoes.
A man in a gray shirt with a black logo on the front, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A woman in a light dress. She is wearing black shoes and carrying a black bag.
Woman in sun dress and short cardigan has black hair and tan skin and is caring a larger size black handbag with long strap
The young woman is wearing a short sleeve shirt and a black and white patterned skirt. She is wearing black shoes and carrying a black purse. She has black hair pulled into a bun.
a woman walking with long black hair in a ponytail wearing a white and black patterned long dress with a short sleeve white tee shirt. carrying a black purse and black shoes. 
The woman is walking. The woman is wearing a satchel or a purse. The woman is  carrying something. The woman is wearing capris and a jacket. 
This woman is wearing a black coat, blue pants and white and black shoes. She has a black ponytail with a white hairband.
A woman has a ponytail swinging to the left held with a white hairband while she holds a white document in her left hand. She wears a gray jacket with wide hood curved over her back, a blouse hem covering her hips, deep-blue pants ending below the knees and white shoes with black trim.
She has her long  black hair  in a  pony  tail .She is also  wearing a  brown  jacket  and  purple  pants .
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of red sandals.
The man is wearing black flip-flops with a pair of baggy black shorts that reach his knees. He has on a blue tee-shirt with silver writing on the chest and has a black bag in his left hand.
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of black pants and a black bag in his left hand.
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of sandals on his feet.
He wears a red, short sleeved, collared shirt with green cargo shorts and gray sneakers. He has a purple bag over one shoulder.
This man has on green pants and a salmon colored shirt. He has on gray and ennobled s shoes with orange laces. 
There is a thin lady with black hair pulled back into a small ponytail. She is wearing black leggins, with red flat shoes. Her shirt is black and white, with white on the top and black on the bottom and the sleeves have black stripes. She is carrying a bag on her right shoulder with artwork on it.
woman with short dark hair in bun with printed tote bag who is wearing black skinny jeans and a black and white striped purse.
A woman wearing a white shirt with black stripes, a pair of black pants and a pair of red shoes.
A woman wearing a black dress, a blue, long sleeve shirt and a pair of black sandals with exposed toes.
A woman wearing a black skirt, a pair of whit shoes and a gray t-shirt.
bot with white tea shirt, holds a carry bag on right hand and stands near the lawn
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A man in all black with a black school bag is walking away from the camera. 

The man has short black hair that extends in the front. He is wearing wire framed glasses and is walking with his right foot forward. He has a black backpack on both of his shoulders, is wearing a black sweatshirt which has its arm covering his right hand. He has a pair of jeans and a pair of grey sneakers on. 
The man is walking away from the camera with a backpack on. He has on a dark jacket and pants.
A man wearing a black jacket, black pants, white shoes and a black back pack.
He has short  black hair  and is  wearing  a white shirt .  He is also  carrying a  book in one  hand .
The man is wearing a white t-shirt with designs, a black pair of shorts, white sneakers and has a black backpack.
A man with black hair is wearing a white t-shirt, grey and black shorts, white sneakers and has a black backpack.
The man has black short hair, white shirt with black center logo, black backpack, white book right hand, black shorts, white nike shoes.
The woman is wearing a grey t-shirt and dark green shorts. She has white sandals on and is carrying a dark blue bag on one shoulder.
The young man wears a teal-colored t-shirt, gray shorts, and carries a small, black bag.
This woman is wearing glasses and carrying something in her hand, she is wearing a gray shirt and dark gray shorts and white sandals.
This person if facing the other way. He is wearing a black tee shirt and also black shorts.
The name has dark short hair and is wearing at black t-shirt and black shorts.
A woman wearing dark colored shirt and shorts with her hand to her mouth as if eating.
The man is wearing a black t-shirt and shorts.  He has short dark hair.
The man wears a grey long sleeved shirt dark grey pants with grey dressy shoes as he walks across the street.
A man wearing a white shirt with a collar, a pair of black pants, a pair of shiny black shoes and a pair of black sunglasses.
This person is a female who is wearing a black collared shirt, black pants, white shoes, and is carrying a black handbag.
Just disembarked from her public bus regrets wearing dark purple as the weather has becomes hotter that she thought it would be.
The thin woman with medium length dark hair is carrying an orange front pack on her chest and is wearing a white tee shirt with grey, print knee length pants a dark flat shoes. 
She has a white, short sleeved hip length top on with light color patterned pants that come below her knees with white sneakers. she has a large pink bag over her should she is looking in.
The woman is wearing a white tee shirt and patterned capri pants. She is wearing black and white shoes, and had dark hair. She appears to be carrying a red object in her left hand.
A man standing with a pair of sun shades in his hands. He also have on a  light purple suit jacket with light colored striped pants and all white shoes.
She has  short black hair  and  is  wearing  a   comfortable looking  over coat. She is  also  wearing   a  light  white  shirt  and  dress  pants .
this man is turned to the side wearing an blue sport coat. He has stripped pants on and white shoes. He is holding sunglasses
The man wears a grey suit jacket and pants in a slightly lighter color. His arms are spread wide.
A man is wearing a t-shirt with black design.  He has jeans that are faded on the front of the thighs.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a short sleeved white t-shirp with a picture on the front over partially faded blue jeans.
The man wears a white and black t shirt blue jeans with black shoes as he stands inside the building's white floor.
A woman wearing a blue and white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
She ha long hair.  She has a purple shirt, and is wearing blue jeans and has blue shoes on.
He has  shoulder length  black hair  and is  carrying  a  large  back pack .  He is  also  wearing  blue  jeans .
A man wearing a white shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of glasses, a pair of brown pants and a black back pack.
A person is walking with a black backpack slung over his shoulder and wearing khaki pants with a white t shirt and black shoes.
The man walking while wearing a backpack, khaki pants, tennis shoes, and a short sleeve shirt.
The man is wearing khaki pants.  He has on a white t-shirt and a black back pack.  He has sort dark hair.
THE MAN WITH SHORT DARK HAIR IS WEARING GLASSES, A WHITE SHIRT, DARK PANTS, AND AN ELECTRONIC DEVICE.
A short dark haired man is wearing glasses, a white open collared shirt with sleeves rolled up, a pocket,dark pants and dark shoes.
This man wears a long sleeve white shirt and long black pants. He has black hair and wears glasses.
The man is walking down the street and he is wearing a grey T-shirt, black shorts ad grey shoes.
A man in a gray shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of shoes on his feet.
This person is visible from the back and is wearing a grey colored shirt and black bermuda shorts. 
He has short  black hair  and  is wearing a grey shirt  .  He is also  wearing  black pants .
A woman wearing a multi colored floral dress, a white jacket and black leather shoes carries a black shoulder bag along an outdoor street.
The woman is wearing a white cardigan over a long floaty dress and black shoes. She is carrying a black carry-on bag.
A woman wearing a white blouse, a long gray and white skirt and a pair of black shoes.
Female is wearing a black and white patterned dress and a white sweater.  She is wearing black shoes and has a black handbag over one shoulder.
A woman wearing a brown jacket over a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
Woman wearing a coat with white shorts and white sneakers. Her coat is dark colored with white lining.
This woman is wearing a brown jacket, a white shirt, blue jean Capri's, and white/black running shoes.
The woman has dark medium length hair that is in a pony tail. She is wear a long white shirt with a brown jacket and blue cutoff pants. She is also wearing white black tennis shoes.
The man wears a blue shirt blue pants with brown sandals he walks along the sidewalk and carries a black handbag inside his hand.
The person has thick framed black glasses, and wears  a bright blue T-shirt with white lettering Black kneelength shorts and black flip-flops
The man is walking fast and he is wearing a purple shirt with black pants.He is also carrying a black briefcase in his left hand
He is wearing a blue shirt, shorts, and flip flops.  He is carrying a black bag.
A man is wearing green shorts that go down past his knees. He has on a red tee-shirt with black shoes and has a purple and black bag slung over his right shoulder.
A man is walking down a sidewalk wearing a pink shirt and green shirts.  He has a pink bag over his shoulder,
The girl has a white shirt that has black striped on the sleeves.  She's carrying a black and orange bag.  She has black tights and red shoes
The woman with short dark hair walking while wearing a white long sleeved shirt with black stripes and black pants and carrying a multicolored handbag.
She is wearing red ballet flats with bows on the toes, tight black pants, and a white sweater with black stripes on the sleeves.
The young Asian woman is wearing a light colored, long sleeve sweater that is partially open over a short black dress. She is wearing a watch, carrying a backpack, and wearing beige shoes.
The woman wears a light blue sweater and a black skirt that ends above her knees. She has a black purse over one shoulder.
He has  short  black hair  and  is  wearing a  white  shirt  . He is  also wearing  denim  blue  jeans  and  is  carrying a  bag in one  hand.
A man with short black hair wearing a white shirt with blue shorts carrying a cell phone and handbag.
This person has short hair.  He's wearing a long black jacket and is carrying a large black backpack on his back.  His dark jeans are folded at the cuff. 
A man in glasses is walking in black pants. He is wearing a backpack and a black jacket. 
This person is wearing what looks to be a dark brownish colored coat, black jeans and black and white shoes.  This person is carrying a black backpack on his or her back.
Thin man with short dark hair, dressed in black jacket and pants, carrying black backpack, wearing glasses
The man is wearing a white shirt,black shorts and white shoes.He is also carrying a black backpack.
The man is wearing a white designer t-shirt and black basketball shorts. He is wearing white tennis shoes, carries a book in his right hand, and is wearing a backpack.
A male with neck length hair wearing  white tee shirt with black shorts and carrying a black backpack and a stack of papers.
A man with short black hair is wearing a white t-shirt, black shorts and he is carrying a large book.
A heavyset women with dark hair wearing a casual gray t shirt, brown shorts and sandals. 
The woman walking is wearing white sandals, green Bermuda shorts, a gray t-shirt, and black-rimmed glasses.
The lady has long black hair, glasses, a gray tshirt, jean shorts that are mid thigh, white sandals, is holding something in her right hand, and has a purse on her right shoulder, and shopping bags hanging from her right forearm.
A man in a black shirt with a picture on the back, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray shoes on his feet.
The man is walking up the  stairs and he is  wearing a black shirt, black shorts and grey shoes.He is also carrying a pair of white headphones around his neck
A man in a purple shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of blue shoes.
A man in a black shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray shoes on his feet.
The man is wearing a white button up shirt, with black pants, and black dress shoes. He is also wearing glasses.
The man is wear black slacks with dress shoes and either a white or light blue button down shirt. He is wear sunglasses with a buzz style hair cut. 
The woman is wearing a black, short sleeve shirt, and blue pants. She is wearing white and blue shoes and she is carrying a black bag.
The woman is wearing a black shirt, black pants, and white athletic shoes with a shiny black sun visor. She is carrying a dark bag over her shoulder.
This woman is wearing capri length pants that look gray or patterned. She has on a white t-shirt and is wearing a red bag around her neck. The red bag is sitting on her chest and belly. She is wearing dark sneakers.
A woman takes a small step with her right heel down by the ground and toe pointed up. She looks down into her red-and-yellow, rectangular tote bag carried by a black strap over her right shoulder. Both elbows are bent as she places both hands on either side of the top of the bag. She wears a white top with winged short sleeves, gray tights and white shoes with gray trim.
Woman with hair down and eyebrow-length bangs wearing white t-shirt and acid wash capris that end mid-calf and a pink bag on left arm.
This is a woman from behind. She has long black hair. She is wearing a white short sleeve shirt. She has on grey pants.
The woman had long straight hair and is wearing a light sweater with one of the sleeves pulled up over a white shirt and long grey skirt.
The woman wearing the long brown skirt is walking and has her hand out stretched.
A woman walks down a hall wearing glasses, a long grey skirt and a purse on her one shoulder.
She has  shoulder length  black hair  and  is wearing  a  white  top .  She is  also  carrying a  black back with  brown trim.
A woman wearing a white blouse, a very long gray skirt and a pair of brown boots.
Male in white shirt and grey short crossing a busy street walk rapidly carrying should bag securily across his chest.
The man wears glasses and a white t-shirt. He wears a striped backpack and blue shorts.
He has  short black hair  and is  wearing  a  white  shirt  with a black  design  and lettering on it  . He is  also  wearing tennis  shoes  and  jean  short pants .
The man has short, messy black hair, is wearing sunglasses, a white over-sized t-shirt with a back rectangle on the front with white lettering on it, knee-length jeans shorts, black ankle socks, and white sneakers with maroon accents. he is carrying a maroon  backpack with a back strap. 
The man in the light blue T shirt and cream pants is waiting by the Robertson Quay for the decorated dragon boat festival.
A man wearing a blue t-shirt, shorts and yellow-green shoes crouches down slightly while he is on a balcony outside.
man is wearing white t shirt and khaki pants. carrying something in his left hand. he is wearing a belt and dark colored shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of white pants, a black belt and a pair of black shoes.
A man in a black shirt with words on the front, a pair of black shorts and a pair of blue shoes.
The man is wearing a short sleeved, black t-shirt and dark shorts. He has short, dark hair and glasses.
Male is wearing a black t-shirt and dark gray shorts.  He's wearing white shoes.
This man is wearing dark colored shorts, with a black t-shirt, he is also wearing black socks and white shoes.
A man is wearing blue shoes with black shorts and a black tee-shirt. His tee-shirt has a design on the front. He has a bag strapped over his right shoulder and across his chest and is looking at his phone in his right hand.
The male is wearing a black t-shirt and shorts. He has a yellow messenger bag draped over his shoulder.
The man walking on the floor he wears a black t-shirt and black shorts with black and white sneakers he carries a yellow and white shoulder bag.
The person with short dark hair is wearing blue and black sneakers, black shorts, a black t shirt, and is carrying a bright yellow messenger bag.
This man is wearing a black short sleeve top with black athletic shorts and black and blue sneakers. Also has a white strap from a backpack across his chest and is looking at his phone.
Woman is wearing top with elbow length sleeves, and a skirt while carrying a pink shopping bag and a purse.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, a ruffled gray skirt and a pair of gray shoes.
A woman wearing a white shirt with stripes, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
A woman with her hair down wearing a white striped shirt with a floral skirt carrying a dark brown purse and tan ans white shoes 
The lady has a black jacket and lime green shirt and some red shirt and white shoes
The man is wearing a striped tee shirt, dark trousers, and dark dress shoes with a satchel over his shoulders and has dark hair and glasses.
man is wearing dark grey slacks and black dress shoes . a red striped shirt with black yellow and white stripes and is also carrying a briefcase
This man is wearing a red shirt with black and white stripes. Wearing black dress shoes and dark denim pants. Carries a black leather cross body purse.
The woman wears loafer shoes, blue jeans, a white shirt, and a dark long sleeved cardigan over top. She carries a purse over her right shoulder.
The woman is wearing a black blazer, grey jeans, and grey moccasins. She has a black bob. 
A female with neck length hair wearing a black jacket with blue denim pants and carrying a black shoulder purse.
The woman is wearing a black long type of jacket,black pants and carries a black mini shoulder bag.She also has short black hair
A girl wearing a blue backpack is walking away.  She is wearing dark clothes.
A woman wearing a blue blouse, a pair of jeans, a pair of shoes and a black jacket.
a woman in a pink shirt and green pants itches her nose as she sits on a bicycle.
This person is sitting on a bicycle and is wearing a pink shirt and dark green shorts.
The man has a bag slung over his shoulder. The man wears dark shorts and brown shoes with white socks. He has on a white t-shirt. 
The man is wearing a white shirt with black shorts, white socks and red shoes.He is also carrying a black shoulder bag
This is a view of a mans back, he is walking away. He is carrying a bag over his right shoulder.
A man is wearing dark shorts and a white T-shirt with an image on it. He is drinking from a water bottle and is wearing glasses. 
A boy wearing a blue shirt with dark blue sleeves, a pair of blue shoes and a pair of blue and yellow sandals.
The young boy is wearing a blue, black, yellow, and green shirt and yellow sandals. He is holding a man's hand.
He is wearing flip flops, dark colored shorts with a bright colored pattern, and a light blue shirt with a matching pattern on the sleeves and collar.
A man wearing a tight fitting, black and white stripe shirt, a pair of tight fitting black jeans, a white belt and black shoes.
A handsome tall man wearing a striped shirt and black pants leans forward in a crowd.
The woman is talking into the phone she is holding. She has long black hair and a black dress.
A woman has a phone to her ear.  She has long dark hair and a dark colored outfit on.
A woman in a black blouse is holding a cell phone in her hand inside a store
A woman in a brown shirt, a pair of black pants, shoes and a black vest.
The woman is visible from the front.  She has on black shoes and black pants.  She has on a black scarf and a grey jacket open in the front.  She has long dark hair and prescription glasses on.  Her left hand is on her left eye.
The women is brushing her hair out of her face. Her hair is up, and she's wearing a grey sweater and black scarf over an off-white shirt. She's also wearing green shorts, black tights and tall black boots.
The woman wears a grey sweatshirt and black pants and black shoes. She is carrying a paper and is wearing a dark scarf.
The woman is standing sideways with the left side of her body visible.  She has on black shoes, black pants, a grey jacket, gloves, a black scarf, and her hair is up in a pony tail.  Her hair is black.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a blue jean jacket and a pair of green jeans.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a light blue jean jacket, a pair of brown pants and a wrist watch.
They are  wearing   a heavy  darker  colored  outfits  and  heavy styled  shoes  .They both have  shoulder length hair  as  well .
He is wearing dark shoes, long dark pants, and a long sleeved black top with a black belt on top and a black hood pulled down over his face.
The man wears a grey coat grey pants with brown boots as she stands in the dirt holding a long black stick.
This woman is wearing silver headphones and glasses wiht a dark shirt and jeans with shoes that have a big white heel and has a pink backpack slung over her right shoulder.
A girl who is wearing long pants, sneakers, and a pink book bag is walking around with a headset on. 
A woman wearing a white shirt under a black jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a bag on her right arm.
The pedestrian is quite blurry in this photo. They are wearing a white, short sleeve shirt. 
A young woman of Asian descent with over shoulder length black hair is wearing a pale yellow shirt over a white shirt, an A-line gray skirt, and gray shoes is walking in a building with a cellphone in her hand.
Small framed woman wearing white top, white cardigan and long grey skirt is hurrying along 
She has shoulder length  black hair  .  She is  also  wearing   a   white top  and   a  grey  dress .
The woman is wearing brown shoes, a long skirt and a white, crocheted top.  She has a large brown bag on her left shoulder.
The woman is looking to the wide while walking and wearing a long dark skirt and a light green jacket with long sleeves
The man is wearing a white t shirt with blue shorts and shoes. He has a messenger bag slung over his shoulder.
The man is wearing a white shirt and jean shorts, a watch, sunglasses, and a red backpack. 
The young man appears of Asian descent.  He is wearing sunglasses, a white T-shirt, jean shorts, and casual brown/cream colored shoes.  He also has a small knapsack with a black strap on his back.
A man wearing a white shirt with a black logo. a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of sandals.
The man has short, graying hair and is wearing a large blue t-shirt with gray athletic shorts and green running shoes with short white socks.
The man is wearing a short-sleeved blue t-shirt and light-colored shorts. He is wearing socks and greenish looking shoes.
ADULT ASIAN MALE WITH DARK HAIR WEARING A WHITE T-SHIRT AND LIGHT SLACKS AND DARK BELT, DARK SHOES CARRYING A MANILLA ENVELOPE IN HIS RIGHT HAND
A man is walking in khakis and a gray tee shirt, while carrying  a bag in a park sidewalk. 
The person is wearing a black shirt with light writing across the chest.  They have on black shorts with blue shoes.  They are carrying something yellow.
A man in a black shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of shoes on his feet.
He is wearing a black t-shirt and long, faded black shorts. He has short, dark brown hair.
This man is visible from the back. She appears to have a backpack on on. He has a black short and blue jean shorts.
This person is wearing dark shirt and shorts. She has a shoulder bag with a white strap.
He is wearing a black short sleeve t-shirt. He has on black shorts and black sneakers. He has a yellow and white messenger bag on his side.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a black short sleeved tee shirt and black shorts with black athletic shoes, he is carrying a yellow satchel with a wide white strap.
The man has on a black shirt and black shorts. He is wearing blue athletic shoes with white socks. He has a yellow messenger back with a white strap and white accents. 
The boy is wearing black frame glasses, a black t-shirt with an emblem on the front, black shorts with an emblem on the left front bottom, and blue gym shoes with black laces.  A white strap extends over his right shoulder and down his left side.  His left arm is at his side with a black watch on his wrist.  His right arm is bent at the elbow, and he is looking downward at a phone in his right hand.
The lady has short black curly hair, glasses, a black lacy dress top, black lacy skirt, blue dress shoes, has a black and white purse hanging from her right elbow and a big pink shopping bag in her left hand.
A woman with curly hair is wearing dark top and a printed skirt and blue shoes.
The lady wears a black and white shirt black and white shorts with beige wedge she carries two shoulder bags black and brown.
She is wearing light colored shoes with thick white heels, a short dark colored skirt with a white floral pattern, and a loose grey and white striped shirt with short sleeves.
The girls is wearing wedges, a flower skirt and a striped shirt. She has a brown crossbody bag
He is wearing black shoes, dark colored slacks, a black belt, and a red shirt with white and black stripes. He is wearing glasses and is carrying a black bag.
The man is wearing a red white and black collared shirt.  His pants are dark grey.
The gentleman is wearing a red, black and white striped Polo shirt. Black dress slacks and black dress shoes. He is also wearing glasses and carries a over the shoulder bag.
A woman who is wearing jeans and tan shoes. She is carrying a black bag and wearing a white shirt.
A woman wearing a black jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray shoes on her feet.
A woman wears a black jacket that covers her hips which flares slightly to a point on her left while she carries a black bag under her right arm.
The person is wearing a black jacket.  I can't tell if it is a woman or a man because they aren't facing me.  They have black hair.  It is short.
A deep-blue backpack is centered behind a woman's back while she also carries a white shopping bag with red letters. She is wearing a long-sleeve black top with black leggings and flat, black shoes.
The woman has long black hair, and is carrying a white shopping bag with red lettering.  She has on a white shirt with black sleeves, black leggings, and black ballet flats.
She has  her long hair  pulled  up in a bun. She is  also wearing  a  pink shirt  and   green pants .
A man wearing a red shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The guy is wearing brown tennis shoes, white ankle socks, and knee-length black shorts. He is wearing a white t-shirt with a black image on the front. He has a dark-colored bag over his right shoulder.
The person is wearing a white shirt with a picture in the front.  He has on black shorts and shoes.  He is wearing a backpack and a watch.
The male subject has short dark hair.  He is wearing a white printed t-shirt and black denim shorts, with dark sneakers and white socks showing.  He is carrying a small gray duffel bag on his shoulder. 
The man is wearing a white t shirt, black shorts, and brown shoes. He is walking and drinking a bottle of water.
A little bot wearing colorful blue shirt and colorful dark blue short with dark blue and lime green shoes.
A boy wearing a pair of sponge bob style shorts, a pair of green and black sandals and a shirt with a blue cartoon.
A boy wearing a blue shirt, a pair of blue shorts and a pair of shoes.
The man is wearing a black and white striped short sleeve shirt, white belt and black pants and shoes.
The man is wearing a black and white striped tshirt with black jeans that are cuffed at the bottom and black tennis shoes.
A woman wearing a tight, form fitting black e dress and a pair of black shoes.
The woman with medium length dark hair is talking on her cell phone. She wears a black blouse. 
The woman is wearing a black sleeveless shirt and black pants. She is carrying a red and black purse and is looking at her smartphone.
Woman with long, dark hair wearing black sleeveless dress with bag over left shoulder and light colored shoes
Woman with black hair, hand on left side of glasses, black scarf, gray hoodie open with white top, green skirt, black stockings, and black boots, walking.
The girl has on a grey jacket. She is also wearing a black scarf. She is wearing black tights with grey shorts over them. She has long black boots on. 
This lady is wearing black pants, black boots and a grey long-sleeve sweatshirt. She is wearing gloves.
Woman that has long dark hair, glasses, dark pants, dark boots, light colored zippered hoodie and top with dark scarf wrapped around neck.
THE PERSON TALKING TO SOMEBODY. SHE WEARS A PALE WHITE JACKET AND A BROWN WRIST WATCH IN HER LEFT HAND. SHE WEARS A BROWN PANTS WITH FREE FLOWING HAIR
A woman looks down with hands lifted to her hips while she wears a light-gray denim jacket with cuffed sleeves, buttons and breast pocket over a black top and slender green pants.
This young boy with shoulder length hair wearing all grey colored clothing, appears to be carrying 2 large items in his hands.
A man wearing a gray jacket with a belt, a pair of gray apnts and a gay helmet.
A woman wearing a brown dress, a pair of brown  pants, a pair of white shoes and a brown shirt.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman with black hair in a ponytail is wearing headphones, a black sweater, jeans and a pink backpack.
The lady is wearing a open black shirt over a buttoned up white shirt with blue jeans. She is also carrying a handbag on her right arm
A woman is wearing a white button down with a dark colored jacket and dark colored bottom and carrying a bag.
The girl has long black hair, a white tshirt, short blue jean shorts, flipflops, a white purse on her left shoulder and is walking while holding a red shopping bag up hiding her face.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of shoes.
Man in mid stride.  He is wearing a sleeveless over coat that is black, with grey khakis.  On his left hand he is wearing a silver watch.
The man wears a black zip up vest over light gray long sleeved top with the sleeves rolled up a few times. He has dark gray/green pants and dark shoes.
The mans black vest is zipped over a white short with rolled up sleeves and grey slacks.
The man is wearing a dark colored vest. He is in the process of walking so his right leg is half raised. The rest of his attire is dark. 
The woman has dark hair in a ponytail, and she's pulling a pink and black suitcase behind her.  She's wearing a light-pink top with print on the front, a backpack with black straps, grey pants and white athletic shoes.
A person has long, dark hair.  She is wearing a large white sweater and grey pants.
The woman wears a white shirt with black pants. She has black hair and hold a dark green purse in one hand.
The woman has long, dark, straight hair pulled back in a ponytail. She has bangs. She is wearing a loose fitting, long sleeved shirt with a graphic on the front. She has loose fitting sweatpants and white tennis shoes on. She is carrying a backpack.
A woman wearing a brown shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of gray pants and a pair of white shoes.
He is  wearing  a  bright  blue  shirt  . He is  also wearing  black  pants  and  black shoes .
A man wearing a light blue shirt, a brown colored hat and a pair of black pants.
A woman waring a blue shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The woman is wearing black pants and a yellow shirt with a white vest over it. Her shoes are white.
A woman wearing a lacy white vest over a yellow shirt, a pair of gra pants and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a pink blouse, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The woman is wearing a white shirt,grey pants and light grey shoes.She is also having her hair in a ponytail
The boy has short, dark hair and is wearing a bright blue short sleeve shirt and shorts.  He also has a dark backpack on his back.
A man in a blue shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white and gray shoes.
The male is wearing a light blue tee shirt.  He is carrying a backpack on his shoulder and back. His sneakers are light colored.
A man in a blue shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
The guy is wearing a black and white polka dot top with rolled up sleeves. He is wearing khakis and boat shoes.
A man wearing a white and black polka dot shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of dark brown shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt with black dots, a pair of brown pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man is seen from behind.  He is wearing a white shirt and black pants.
The man is walking down the street and he is talking on the phone.He is also wearing a white shirt with black pants and black shoes
A man with short hair is walking from right to left toward the camera. He is wearing a white polo short with a dark emblem on the left pocket, black trousers, and black shoes.He has his right arm raised to his head, with a cell phone at his right ear.
The man is wearing a white collared, short-sleeved polo shirt that is tucked into his black pants. His shoes are black and so is his short hair. 
The woman is wearing a black shirt with jeans.  She has a bag and books in her arms
The woman is looking down as she walks.  She is dressed down wearing a black sweatshirt and black pants with tall boots.  She is carry papers and a bag on her right arm.
The woman is wearing a hoodie. She has on pants and boots. Her boots are grey.
She is wearing dark long sleeved shirt with white writing. She has tall boots and carrying her coat.
She has long, blonde hair and is dressed in a sparkly vest, pink knit shirt and darker pink skirt with sparkles.
A woman with long blond hair wearing a silver glitter jacket.With a pink shirt and a dark pink skirt with sliver high heels.
A blonde haired female singer wearing a silver sequined top and silver shoes with a dark pink skirt, holds the mic with both hands as she sings.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes on her feet.
The woman is wearing a two toned green jacket, light blue jeans, and tennis shoes. She has long, dark hair.
A man with a dark short sleeved shirt, blue jeans, dark hair and a bag hanging from the right shoulder is walking away.
The man has black hair, a black shirt, is carrying an across-body bag, has jeans, and is wearing tennis shoes on his feet.
This man is wearing a black and grey striped t-shirt, light blue jeans, black sneakers and a black shoulder bag.
The woman has dark, long hair and walks with a black bag slung over her shoulder. She wears a pink knee-length dress with white flat shoes.
This woman is wearing a pink sleeveless dress that comes to her knees and white shoes. She is also carrying a black book bag on her back.
A girl with long dark hair, wearing a sleeveless peach colored dress, light colored shoes, and a dark colored backpack.
The girl is wearing white shoes and a rose pink dress with a loose knee-length flowing skirt and short lace sleeves. She is carrying a black backpack.
He has  short  black hair  and is  wearing a  black  and  white  stripped shirt  .  He is  also  wearing  denim pants .
A man wearing a white shirt with black stripes, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
A man wearing a white and black stripe shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown shoes.
A man wearing a white and black stripe shirt, a pair of blue ejans and a pai rof black and white shoes.
A woman with dark hair wearing a white short sleeve shirt and black pants is riding a bicycle.
A woman in a white shirt, a pair of red shorts and a pair of brown and white shoes.
The woman has long black hair that is straigh.  She wears brown shorts and a white shirt.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a short, brown skirt and a pair of brown shoes on her feet.
A person is wearing a deep-blue polo shirt which is open at the neck with short sleeves with pink, knee-length shorts and bright yellow shoes while carrying a small, zippered bag outside a hip.
A man wearin a blue shirt, a pair of hot pink shorts and a pair of neon green shoes.
A person with dark hair, wearing a blue short sleeve shirt, pink shorts and a pair of open heel shoes.
The man with black hair wears a bright blue shirt, rose-colored shorts, and bright yellow-green shoes.
Woman with short hair in blue polo shirt. She's wearing salmon shorts, and white shoes and carries a black handbag
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of pink shorts and a pair of neon green shoes.
The man is wearing a tank top with horizontal stripes on it. He is wearing blue shorts and has a cap on his head.
A man in a pale blue muscle shirt with denim shorts and white tennis shoes is wearing a backwards-facing baseball cap while walking.
White T-shirt blsck jacket black pants white socks black and drey tennis shoes carrying a black bag.
The young man is wearing a dark jacket with some long dark pants, he is also carrying a green book bag.
A woman with black hair is wearing a collared white dress shirt, a black sweater and blue jeans.
She  is  covering  her  face  from  view  with  a   shopping  bag  .  She is  also  wearing   a  white  shirt  and  denim shorts .
A woman in a white t-shirt and blue shorts, with long black hair, is walking outside.
The man can be seen from his left.  He has on black tennis shoes and dark jeans.  He has on a grey long sleeved shirt with a black jacket vest on.  he has short black hair.
The man is wearing medium gray pants and black shoes.  he has on a black vest that is zipped up and a light gray shirt with the sleeves partially rolled up. He is wearing a wrist watch.
The man is wearing a black vest with a long sleeve shirt underneath. He is wearing green-grey pants. 
The man is wearing a sleeveless vest or sweater, a grey shirt with the sleeves rolled up, a watch, grey pants, and grey shoes.
The woman is wearing a white printed folded long sleeves shirt and a grey sweat pants with a white sneakers. She is also pulling a suitcase.
The woman is walking.  She has black hair.  She is wearing a white blouse and blue pants.  She is carrying a blue bag.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is wearing a white sweatshirt with a picture on the front, and gray pants.  She is also wearing gray pants and is carrying a black backpack.
A slender woman with black hair in a pony and bangs is wearing a long sleeved tan shirt, grey pants and white shoes. She is pulling a piece of luggage. 
A person standing outside on a sidewalk.  They are wearing a blue shirt and dark colored pants.
He has  short  black hair  and is  wearing  a  blue  work shirt  .  He is  also  wearing  black  pants   .
A man wearing a light blue shirt with dark blue denim pants and grey shoes.
A woman wears an open, white vest with mandarin collar, over a yellow t-shirt and black leggings with white shoes
She  has  her  black hair  put  in  a  pony  tail .  She is  also wearing  a  bright  yellow  shirt  and  black pants .
The woman is wearing a short sleeved yellow shirt with a white vest over it, gray pants, and light colored shoes.
A woman wearing a sleeveless white tank top, a pair of gray pants and pair of gray shoes.
The man is wearing a blue short sleeved shirt with white and green lettering in the middle. He wears dark colored shorts and has black hair.
The man is going up the steps. He is wearing a blue t-shirt, grey shorts, and grey sneakers. He is carrying a black backpack on his shoulders.
The man is visible from the back. He is wearing a bright blue tee shirt and dark gray shorts with white tennis shoes. He is carrying a black backpack and has dark hair.
The manis wearing a royal blue short-sleeve T-shirt and dark shorts that come to just above the knee. He wears a navy blue backpack and carries a plastic grocery sack with light green contents.
A man wearing a white shirt with black dots, a pair of brown pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The man has short black hair, glasses, a white button down long sleeve shirt with black polka dots and the sleeves rolled up, brown khaki pants, and black dress shoes.
The person is wearing a white shirt with black dots, tan pants, and dark colored shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes on his feet.
A man is talking on his cell phone.  He is wearing a white polo shirt, black pants and black shoes.  There is a white watch on his left wrist. 
A man in a white shirt, a pair or black pants and a pair of black shoes on his feet.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing glasses has medium length hair and is wearing a black sweatshirt, black pants, grey boots. The woman is also holding a coat and paper in her arms. 
The woman has black medium length hair with a bang heavily angled to one side. She is wearing a black hoodie with white writing, black pants, and tall light brown/tan winter boots. She is carrying papers in her hand and a black bag on her shoulder.
The lady is wearing a black hoodie jacket that has writing on the front. She has on black pants. She is wearing boots that come just under her knees. She is carrying a coat and there is a book in her hand.
Female with dark hair looking towards her left, wearing a dark colored shirt, dark pants tucked into knee high neutral colored boots.  Carrying a bag on her right arm with the strap hanging down by her knees, with a white paper in her folded arms in front of her.
This girl has her arms straight out to the sides. She is wearing a light pink shirt with a dark pink skirt. She has on high heel shoes.
The girl is wearing a pink tee shirt, pink skirt, and a sequined short-sleeved cardigan. She has on silver high heels. She is Caucasian with blonde hair.
Blonde girl with silver heels and vest with a purple shirt and dress singing on a stage. 
This woman has long black hair and she's wearing an olive green shirt over a white t shirt and blue jeans.
An adult with long black hair, wearing a green jacket, jean and tennis shoes and a back pack is walking down the street.
This boy is wearing a dark top and jeans, with black sneakers. He's carrying something in his right hand.
The backside of a man with short black hair who is wearing a black short sleeved shirt and blue jeans while walking on a wood planked surface.
A bag strap with buckle is across the man's back while he wears a horizontally striped, short-sleeve shirt in black and dark-blue over jeans and black shoes.
Female with long dark hair is wearing a salmon colored dress.  She is wearing a dark backpack.
The woman is seen from behind.  She is wearing a pink dress.  She is carrying a black backpack and a black purse.
A woman in a pink dress, a pair of gray shoes and a black back pack on her back.
A woman wearing a pink dress, a pair of white shoes and a black back pack.
The man wears a black and white shirt blue jeans with white sneakers he carries a black shoulder bag.
A man seen from the back is wearing a white polo shirt with dark blue or black stripes and blue jeans and white sneakers with a black shoulder bag over one shoulder. He has short dark hair. 
The man wears a white and black striped shirt. He is wearing blue jeans and white/black tennis shoes. He wears a black crossbody bag.
A man with balding black hair wearing white and blue patterened polo shirt and blue denim jeans carrying a black satchel.
The woman is wearing a white top and tan shorts. She has a white backpack and dark hair. 
The woman is visible from the back. She is wearing a white shirt with dark colored shorts. She has a grey backpack on her back.
The woman is wearing a short sleeved, gray shirt with stripes on the sleeves, brown shorts, and gray shoes.
The woman is wearing a short sleeved, white t-shirt, tan shorts, and sandals. She has a gray backpack.
This woman has a blue shirt on with short sleeves and a collar.  She has on pink shorts and is wearing lime green shoes.
A middle aged man walking around while wearing a blue polo shirt and yellow shoes. 
The person has on a bright blue shirt, pink shorts, and lime green shoes.  Their hair is very dark and short.
A person with black short hair is wearing a blue polo shirt, pink shorts and bright yellow shoes. 
The woman is wearing a short sleeved blue shirt, pink shorts, and white shoes. She is carrying a black bag in her hand.
The man is wearing a blue shirt with short sleeves as well as green shoes and tangerine-colored shorts
A man wearing a green and white stripe tank top, a pair of blue shorts and a pair of whtie shoes.
A man is wearing a tan hat, green tank top, blue shorts and has white sneakers on his feet.
The man has on a black jacket over a white top. He has black pants and white socks. He is wearing a cap and carrying a bag over his shoulder.
The man is viewed from behind and is wearing sandals with long white socks. He is wearing black sweatpants that end above his ankles, a black jacket, with black gloves. On his head he is wearing a tan patterned hat.
The man is dressed in tan casual pants with white sneakers.  He is wearing a white collared shirt with a dark jacket - he is also carrying a back pack of some type.
The man has short black hair, wire rimmed glasses and is looking toward the left. He has a cellphone in his left hand. He is wearing a black and white jacket and khaki pants. He has his right hand in his right side pants pocket and is wearing white sneakers. He has on a backpack with yellow and turquoise straps. 
The man wears white tennis shoes with tan pants a dark track jacket with white trim and a dark back pack.
A man walking looking at his phone wearing a backpack, tan pants, white shotes and a black and white zipper sweatshirt.
A man with black hair is wearing a bright yellow t-shirt, long black pants and has a large black bag.
A man with a bent head and bent left elbow carries the strap of a black rectangular bag over his right shoulder. He wears a deep-yellow t-shirt over black knee-length shorts and dark shoes.
The man is wearing a yellow top, black cropped pants, and sandals. He also has a messenger bag.
The man wears a yellow shirt black pants with black sandals he carries a black shoulder bag.
The man is wearing a light top and dark shorts.  A black back pack is draped over his shoulders and back.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man is wearing a Nike t-shirt and shorts.  He is wearing a backpack on his back.  He has dark hair.
The man is wearing a gray t-shirt and jean shorts. He has on gray tennis shoes. He is carrying a black backpack. 
A person with short black hair is wearing glasses, a blue shirt, a grey sweater, tan pants and red shoes.
A person who has short dark hair and is wearing a grey sweater, purple shirt, dark pants, is in mid-motion of taking off or putting on a large bag over the right shoulder.
This person has red shoes with white trim. The pants are khaki and the sweater in light in color with subtle gray stripes.
A young asian man in a blue t shirt and a cardigan sweater, a pair of gray pants carrying a bag on his right shoulder.
The man has short black hair. He is wearing a white shirt, black sweater, black jacket, black pants, and brown shoes. 
A man wearing a blue, long sleeve shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of brown shoes on his feet.
MIDDLE AGED MALE WEARING BLACK JACKET OVER DARK V NECK SWEATER WITH LIGHT BLUE COLLARED SHIRT UNDERNEATH WHICH SHOWS AT NECK ONLY. WEARING BLACK OR DARK BROWN LONG PANTS WITH BROWN SHOES.
This man is visible from the back with a white shirt and black sweatpants on. He has a bag in his right hand. 
Long printed white tee shirt,dark color pants,one arm missing,dark shoes,other arm is also disabled.maybe has a beard
The pedestrian is wearing a white t-shirt with a design on the front. He has short black hair and a mustache. He is also wearing long black pants. 
A man with short black hair.Is wearing a white short sleeve shirt with black pants and dark brown sandals.He is holding a white and red box.
A man is looking down at his phone held in both hands.  He is wearing a white hat with a black band, a blue plaid button down shirt, cream trousers, and light blue sneakers.  A black bag is strapped over his left shoulder and falls to his right side.
A man wearing a blue t-shirt, a pair of brown pants, a pair of blue shoes and a white hat.
The man is wearing a white had with a black band, and a blue button down shirt with tan khakis, and blue casual shoes, he is carrying a black satchel.
He has  short  black  hair   . He is  wearing  a  dress  shirt  with a  collar  .  He is  wearing  dress pants .
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of shoes.
A man has his right leg extended behind him while another person's bent arm, in a plaid shirt, is over his upper back with the hand resting on the right side of the neck. The man has his arms at his sides, and carries a can in his left hand, while dressed in a short-sleeve denim shirt with curved hem in back over light-gray pants and black running shoes.
white man with dark short hair white shirt black pants and no shoes with a watch
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of glasses and a pair of black shoes.
The man is slightly balding, and is wearing a blue long sleeved shirt with the sleeves rolled up. He is wearing blue jeans and gray tennis shoes. 
A man leads with his head and left leg while wearing a long-sleeve, blue shirt, over sloped shoulders, with a sagging breast pocket over jeans and a black belt with gray, worn shoes.
The man wears a blue shirt blue jeans with black shoes he holds a object in his hands and stands against the wall.
A woman wearing a purple shirt, a pair of black shoes, a long gray skirt and a black bag in her right hand.
The woman is wearing a purple shirt, dark grey long skirt and black boots.She also has short blonde hair.
She has light brown or blonde hair. Her hair is worn up, on the back of her head. She is wearing a tan, short trench or rain coat. There is a scarf or other garment around her neck.
A woman wearing a brown trench coat, a pair of gray pants and a pair of brown shoes.
A person standing. They are wearing a large off-white oversized jacket. They have on dark pants.
A woman is wearing a long white coat with the hem of a green skirt extending past the coat hem and a dark scarf forming a V-shape around her neck.
The person is wearing a red shirt and grey pants as well as grey sneakers, carrying a purple flowered back pack with tan straps. 
A man wearing a red shirt, a pair of blue jeans, a pair of black and white shoes and a gray and black back pack.
A woman wearing a red jacket and black pants.  Her long hair is pulled up on top of her head.
The lady wears a red and gray shirt with yellow lettering, skinny black pants, and slip-on heels. She also wears a bag with a black strap across her body.
This young woman is looking down as she walks towards the camera wearing a red shirt with black sleeves and black pants.
A woman wearing a red shirt, with yellow writing, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A balding male wearing a white t-shirt with black trousers, his hands are clasped behind his back. He appears to be wearing a silver watch or bracelet on his left wrist.
The man is wearing a short sleeved printed shirt. He is wearing glasses.  He is looking down at the telephone in his hands.
The man is wearing a white short-sleeved t-shirt and a pair of long black pants.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes on his feet.l
A man wearing  black and gray shirt, a pair of brown pants and a black back pack.
The young man is wearing a grey and black long sleeve shirt,tan pants and light brown shoes.He is also wearing a watch  on his left hand and is carrying a black backpack.
The man has a stripped shirt on with tan pants and dark shoes.  HE wears glasses and a belt
A man wearing a gray and black shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of glasses on his face.
The woman is wearing a fred dress, red high heeled shoes, and a black headband is dovering the top part of the woman's head.
the woman is wearing a rufffled light red and two tone pink dress and high heels.  Her hair is dark and blonde at the ends.  
The man has short gray hair and is wearing a blue shirt with white pants. He has on dark running shoes and is holding an umbrella in his right hand.
This person seems to be on the shorter side with short hair  , wearing white pants and blue short sleeved shirt .
The lady has on denim capri's and flat black shoes. She has on a green and white tunic shirt and is carrying a bag on her left shoulder. Her hair is short.
The women walks while wearing a green and white shirt, a pair of blue shorts, and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing tan shorts and a bright yellow t-shirt.  His hair is dark and cut short.
The man is drinking out of a red and white cup.He is wearing a yellow shirt, grey shorts and grey shoes.
The man is wearing a yellow t-shirt and light colored shorts. He carries something in his left hand
The guy is wearing tan colored, knee length shorts and has on a yellow t shirt with light colored tennis shoes.
he wears a black zip up jacket over a white collared shirt, tan long pants and white sneakers. He is looking at his phone in his right hand.
The man is carrying a cell phone and wearing khaki pants while having a colorful backpack.
A man walks while wearing brown pants, white shoes, and a black jacket.  
Male, dark hair long in  front. Wearing tan pants, white athletic shoes, black jacket with white zipper, cuffs, waist band. Holding  a phone in his his right hand. Straps of backpack show on front.
The man is wearing shorts and a yellow shirt. he is looking at his phone.
The man is wearing a short sleeved, yellow shirt, dark shorts, and dark shoes. He has a black over the shoulder bag.
A male wearing a yellow shirt with shorts and sandals and carrying a black shoulder satchel.
A man with dark hair, wearing a yellow t-shirt, black shorts and sandals is walking an talking on the phone while carrying a black bag.
The man is wearing a grey shorts and black shorts. He is wearing a black backpack.
The man is visible from the back. He is walking and carrying a black backpack on his shoulders. He is wearing a light gray t-shirt, dark gray shorts, and black shoes. He has short hair.
A man in a gray shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man wears a grey t shirt blue shorts with grey sneakers he walks along the sidewalk past a bicycle and carries a black back pack.
A woman wearing a gray jacket, a pair of glasses, a pair of gray pants and a pair of red shoes.
This person wears a khaki colored sweater over a t-shirt that has white writing on it and brown pants and is holding a bag with a striped strap.
The man is wearing bright red shoes with tan pants. He has on a black and white stripped sweater with long sleeves. He has a bag on his left shoulder that falls to his waist.
The man is wearing black and white shoes with baggy grey pants with large pockets. He has on a blue shirt with a white design on the front and has a grey and black striped, hooded jacket on over top of it. He has a red and black bag on his right shoulder.
A man wearing a black shirt, a black jacket, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man has hair that is parted off to the side. He is wearing dark colored clothing with a light colored collar and he is looking backward as he walks.
A man wearing  gray shirt with a white collar, a black jacket, a pair of brown pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The man is viewed from the back. He has a short sleeved white T shirt with a small amount of writing on the back. He wears baggy black pants and dark shoes or sandals. His black hair is short.
The man is very casual in walking, he is wearing a baggy shirt and black pant.
A man in a white shirt with a picture on it, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man in a wrinkled white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The man wears a white hat and a blue collared shirt. He wears beige pants and black shoes and looks down at his phone.
The man is wearing a blue collared shirt with khaki pants and blue shoes. He has on a white hat and is carrying a black bag with something tucked under his left arm.
The man wears a checkered blue shirt and light green pants. He has blue shoes and a handbag over one shoulder and a white hat.
This man has short black hair and he's wearing a black shirt and black pants as he walks to the left.
The man has short black hair and a grey shirt. His pants are tan and his shoes are dark. 
A man with short black hair is wearing a collared short sleeve blue shirt, tan pants and black shoes.
He  has  very  dark colored hair  cut  in  a  very  short  style . He is  also  wearing a white  shirt   and  black pants  .
The man is wearing grey pants, an off white t-shirt and has short black hair.  
The individual appears to be male with short dark hair and a bald spot, wearing a denim collard shirt tucked into blue jeans, and dusty black shoes; the individual is carrying a yellow rag.
Man with short black hair is wearing a light blue shirt. man is wearing blue jeans and dark colored shoes.
man with short black hair and blue shirt on. he is wearing dirty blue jeans and is carrying something in his right hand
A woman carries a black briefcase with a flap and metal clasp by the handle. She wears a long-sleeve, rounded-neck, purple blouse with front closure over a long gray skirt which ends below her knees with black ankle boots. 
A woman wearing a purple shirt, a long gray skirt and a pair of black socks.
printed scarf worn wrapped around the neck; brown trench coat with belt; dark colored pencil fitted pants.
The woman is wearing a tan long coat, a scarf, gray jeans, and brown boots. 
Unknown gender and race.  Possibly blonde hair. Person is wearing a white t-shirt and black pants and cream colored shoes.  Carrying a large white square object. 
A woman wearing a white jacket, a pair of black shoes, a dark scarf and a pair of dark colored pants.
She has  short  black hair  and  is  wearing  a  red  shirt  and  light  colored pants .
This woman is wearing a red short sleeved shirt, light blue jeans, and grey/white shoes. She is also carrying a flowery book bag on her back.
A woman wearing a red, sleeveless shirt with yellow writing on the back, a pair of tight black pants and a pair of black shoes with white socks.
A woman with black hair in a ponytail is walking. She is wearing a gray and red t-shirt, a red vest, black pants, white socks and black shoes.
A woman wearing a red shirt with yellow writing, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is wearing a red shirt with writing on the back. She has black pants and has her hair in a pony tail. 
The man is wearing black shoes, long black pants, a white shirt with short sleeves, and a silver watch on his left wrist.
The man is balding. He wears and white t-shirt and blue jeans. He holds his hands behind his back. 
A man in a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of dark black pants.
The man is looking at the camera. He's wearing a white short-sleeved shirt and black pants. His hands are behind his back, clasped together. 
This man is wearing a black/grey wide striped short sleeved shirt, khaki pants, and shoes. He is also carrying a black bag on his shoulder.
A woman wearing a black and white stripe shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of sunglasses.
The boy has on a black striped long sleeve shirt and khaki pants. He is carrying a back pack.
The man is wearing a grey and black long sleeve shirt,tan pants and brown shoes.He is also wearing sunglasses and carries a black shoulder bag
The woman is wearing a long pink dress with poofy shoulders, a see through  neckline, and full skirt. She is also wearing strappy pink high heels.
The girl is wearing a dark pink ruffled dress with a light pink corset in the middle and silver high heels.
This man has gray hair. He is wearing a light blue polo with light cream slacks and black tennis shoes. He is carrying a black umbrella in his right hand and a plastic bag in his left hand. 
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of white pants and a pair of white shoes.
The woman is wearing a green top with a white blouse and light blue jeans.  She is wearing black shoes and walking on the tiled walkway.
A woman is wearing a shirt consisting of a top section of white across the shoulder and short sleeves and a lower section of a teal color over light-blue Capri shorts and flat black shoes.
He is wearing a bright yellow t-shirt with tan shorts and tennis shoes. He has short black hair. 
The bespectacled man is walking and drinking from a white cup he is holding with his right hand. He is wearing a bright yellow t-shirt with short sleeves, grey shorts and brown shoes. 
A man wears a yellow tee shirt. He wears tan short. Also, he has a pair of tan shoes.
A man is walking toward us and the left.  He has short black hair and is wearing a yellow t shirt and khaki shorts.  He is holding what looks like a red and white cup in his right hand.
The individual appears to be wearing a light colored shirt, possibly a tank top, dark pants and it is difficult to determine whether the subject is male or female.  
This person, gender unknown, is wearing a white graphic t-shirt, dark capris and dark shoes.
A man wears a black suit with a large jacket over a black shirt and black tie over ankle-length, loose, black pants and dark-gray shoes while carrying a black bag to his side.
The man is wearing a black jacket, a multi-colored scarf, black pants, and black shoes. 
The man is standing up and he is wearing dark clothing, he is bald and has a scarf around his neck.
This man is wearing a black short sleeved shirt that has multiple colors, black pants, and black shoes.
A man wearing a gray shirt under a black jacket, a black tie , a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
An Asian woman is wearing a short sleeved black and white striped tee with a mid-length black skirt and white slip on shoes.
Asian girl with striped shirt, shorts, white shoes, and a backpack next to a blue building.
The man wears a red T-shirt and faded blue jeans.  He is also wearing a backpack of some sort.  He also has a mustache.
A man wearing a pink shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of white and black shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt with a gray collar, a pair of jeans and a pair of blue shoes.
The man is wearing layered shirts; the bottom one has a collar and the outer one is dark. He is wearing denim jeans with a black belt. His sneakers are athletic-style. He has a beard and short brown hair.
The woman is wearing a gray shirt with dark black sleeves, dark black long pants, black ballet shoes, and a light gray purse.
A woman with shoulder length hair wearing a dark colored top with dark pants carrying a large shoulder bag.
The woman is dressed all in black, long sleeves and long pants, black shoes, and she is carrying a big, dark grey bag over her right shoulder. 
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
She has sort black hair  and is  wearing  a  black jacket  and  red shirt  .  She is  also wearing  blue jeans .
Person is walking in profile and has hands in front of body at chest level. She carries a black, curved-bottom tote bag under right arm pit. One knee is bent in front of other knee. She wears a black jacket with gray pants and black shoes.
The man is wearing black glasses, a black collared shirt, and gret shorts. He appears to be walking.
A male with short hair and dark grey shirt with black shoulders and blue shorts.
The man is wearing black shoes with long blue jean shorts that reach past his knees. He is wearing a blue and black tee-shirt with short sleeves and no collar.
This man has short black hair and is wearing glasses. He is wearing a black collared short sleeved shirt, with dark knee length shorts. He is wearing brown shoes.
The woman is wearing grey pants, black and white sneakers, and a black shirt. She has black hair. 
A woman wearing a pair of gray sweats, a black shirt and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a pair of gray pants, a pair of black shoes and a black shirt.
The man with short black hair has a gray shirt on and bag with a black strap across his back.
He has  short  hair  .  He is  wearing  a  grey shirt  and  is  pulling a  cart  behind   him  .
A man wearing a black jacket, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes on his feet.
Male with black hair wearing a long sleeved black shirt and black pants with black shoes, carrying a black bag.
A man is wearing a dark mustard, knee length coat with black dress pants and shiny black dress shoes.  He is walking along a corridor with his hands in the pockets of his coat.
The black haired woman is walking.   She is wearing a long brown jacket,  black pants and black shoes. 
Man with hair parted, camel knee length coat, black turtleneck, black pants, black shoes, walking.
The person is wearing a tan trench coat with black business shoes and black pants.
The man is wearing a cowboy hat, khaki pants, a coat, a shirt, and what seems like a sweater.
A man wearing a large brown jacket, a pair of white pants a v-neck shirt and a brown hat on his head.
A man with a brimmed hat is wearing a long sleeve jacket, a v cut dark sweater with a white collared shirt underneath and tan pants.
He has  short  black hair  and is wearing  a  white  dress shirt  . He is also wearing  a  light  blue back pack .
A man with short dark hair wearing a white collared shirt and black pants carrying a teal backpack.
The man has on glasses, a backpack, long sleeves, pants, and shoes.  He also holds a bag in his right hand.
He has  short  black hair  and  is  wearing a  white  shirt  .  He  is  also wearing   a   dark  green  back  pack .
This person has short hair, a green shirt and brown shorts. He is crossing his arms 
He is wearing a green t-shirt with a logo on it and dark shorts. He has a gold watch on. 
The person is wearing a hat. They are wearing a black and white jacket, and blue jeans. 
A woman wearing a black sir, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown boots.
A woman turns her head and slants backwards slightly while she takes a long step forward with her heel pointing downward. She is wearing a short gray sweater with black edging, long sleeves and a curved opening in the front showing a cream-colored pleated blouse tucked into black pants and tan ankle shoes.
A girl with long black hair wearing a grey top with black leggings. She is carrying a light brown should purse.
A woman looks over to the left, strands of her hair fall over her left shoulder, and she carries a rectangular, brown leather tote bag over her right shoulder. She wears a light-gray, long-sleeve top over black leggings and light-gray shoes with her left arm at her side.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
This woman with short black hair is wearing glasses, a long shirt, and black pants.
Her brown hair is in a low ponytail, she wears glasses, a long gray shirt and leggings and is carrying a bright red bag.
The woman has glasses and is carrying a pink bag. She is wearing a striped top and black pants. She is holding a child with one hand. 
The woman is wearing a black, short sleeved shirt with embellishment on the shoulders. She has a light colored hat on and is carrying a purse.
The woman is wearing a ponytail tucked in a grey hat. She is wearing a black shirt and blue shorts.
A man in a black shirt, a pair of short gray shorts, a pair of brown shoes and a back pack.
person has a grey baseball hat on short dark hair.  Wearing a black t-shirt and washed out black shorts.  Person is wearing a black  or gray backpack and has light colored sneakers on.
The man is wearing a black hooded jacket, gray jeans, and white sneakers. He is carrying a black bag on his shoulders.
The man carries a brown bag. He is wearing white sneakers, blue jeans and a gray sweatshirt.
Pedestrian dressed all in black with black gloves, carrying a black tote, holding a coffee cup and wearing white sneakers.
YOUTH IS WALKING TOWARD A BUILDING CARRYING A DUFFLE BAG AND WEARING A HOODIE WHITE TENNIS SHOES AND JEANS
Man wearing a white t shirt with black pants and a black bag on his right shoulder. 
A man with black hair, wearing a grey pullover shirt, black pants, and has a knapsack over his shoulder, is walking. 
The young man is wearing a grey shirt,black pants and black shoes.He is also carrying a black backpack. 
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of black and white shoes and a black back pack on his right shoulder.
This man has black hair and he's wearing a gray t shirt and brown shorts that go below his knees and black shoes.
The person appears to be wearing a white with camouflaged pants. It seems like he might be wearing a hat. 
ELDERLY PERSON WATCHING SOME INFORMATION SERIOUSLY WITHOUT WEARING ANY GLASS TO READ. HE IS BALD AND WEARING SHOES
The man is wearing a tri-color winter scarf of black, brown, and red. He is wearing a dark long sleeved shirt. He is wearing dark trousers. The man is bald.  He is looking at the camera and smiling.
This man has short hair and he's wearing a black shirt with a red emblem on one sleeve and black pants.
The man is wearing a black long-sleeved jacket or sweater, long black pants, and a multi-colored scarf around his shoulders.
A balding older man wearing a full suit with a black jacket and pants with a black tie.
The woman has long black hair. She is wearing a black striped shirt, black skirt, and white shoes. She is carrying a white bag. 
The woman is carrying a black back on her back. She has on white shoes and a black knee length skirt. Her top has black and white horizontal stripes.
The man has dark hair and is wearing a red shirt, jeans, and a backpack.
This man has short dark hair and is wearing a bright pink shirt with camo pattern shorts and white loafers.
The man is wearing a black and grey collared shirt. He is wearing blue jeans and blue tennis shoes. He is also wearing a black watch on his left wrist.
A man wearing a black and gray shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of blue shoes.
The woman has medium long hair, gray purse right arm, gray black sweatshirt long sleeved, black pants, black slip on shoes.
A woman wearing a  brown top, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
An adult female with black hair carries a shoulder bag over her right shoulder and wears a black, long sleeve shirt, black pants, and black shoes.
The woman is carrying a large purse and a jacket while walking and wearing black slacks and a black top
S womsn wearing a black jacket and red sweater over a white under shirt, blue jeans, blue tennis shoes, black hat, black gloves carrying a clip board and a cup.
The man is wearing a long sleeve black jacket with some long pants and black shoes.
The man is walking and looking down.  He is wearing a black polo shirt and shorts.
A man looks down toward the left, and has his right arm slightly away from his side and his right leg straight on the ground. He wears a gray shirt with short black sleeves and black back yoke with denim shorts ending below his knees and black shoes beneath a tattooed calf.
The boy is wearing a blue and black jacket with blue jean shorts and black tennis shoes.
A person wearing a black shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of shoes on his feet.
The woman is wearing a loose, maternity blouse with gray pants. She is also wearing black sneakers with white soles.
The woman is wearing a black tshirt and grey pants with black shoes. She is carrying a bag on her right shoulder and has short black hair.
A woman with black hair has a tattoo on her arm. She has a black shirt and jeans.
The man with a gray t-shirt and blue shorts is wheeling a cart with a blue and white bag on it.
This woman is wearing a grey short sleeved shirt, blue shorts, and black shoes. She is also carrying a white purse on her shoulder.
He  has  black  hair  and  is  wearing a  all black suit  .  He is  also  carrying a   all black  bag  .
He is wearing a black long sleeved shirt and black pants. He has a shopping bag in his right hand. 
The man with long, black hair is wearing a tan overcoat, black turtle neck sweater, black pants and black shoes.
The man has long black hair, and the left side of his body is visible as he is standing sideways.  He has on a dark brown long coat, with his hands in his pockets.  He has on black pants and shiny black shoes.
This man is  wearing a full length brown  jacket. And is  wearing  all  black underneath .
Female, long straight dark hair off her face. Wearing a brown trench coat to her thighs, dark pants and dark shoes. Hands in pockets.
The man wears a cowboy hat with cream colored pants, a dark sweater over a button down shirt, and a gray barn jacket.
The man has on a large brimmed cowboy style hat. He is wearing a thigh length coat and long pants.
The man wearing a western cowboy hat wears a light brown coat white pants as he walks along the grass.
The man is wearing a white collared shirt with a light blue back pack and black pants, he is also carrying a bag.
The man is wearing a white long sleeve shirt with black pants. He is carrying a teal backpack
A man who is wearing a white shirt and black pants. He is also wearing black and white shoes. 
A man with black hair is wearing a light blue long sleeve shirt, a dark pair of pants and a light blue backpack.
The man is wearing a grey-green t-shirt and black shorts. The shorts go just past his knees.
A man wearing a lime green shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of shoes on his feet.
The person has his left hand in his jeans pocket and has on a black hat.
This person is barely visible. Their hair is black. They seem to be wearing blue jeans. This person is short.
The young woman is wearing a tan shirt with a grey jacket on top,black pants and tan shoes.She is also smiling and talking to somebody.
The woman wears black skinny jeans with a gray sweater. She has a tan purse on her right shoulder.
A girl with long hair wearing a grey top with black full pants and carrying a brown shoulder bag.
The woman is wearing a grey long sleeve jacket,black denim and light grey shoes.She is also carrying a light maroon shoulder bag
A woman with glasses is carrying a red handbag over her shoulder.  She is wearing a long button up denim shirt with black leggings and black flats.
The woman is wearing glasses. She is wearing a blue collared shirt with black leggings and black flats. 
The woman has short dark hair parted on the left wearing a long two toned blue verticle striped shirt with two large pockets in the front over dark blue slacks.
The woman is walking down the street and she i swearing a black long shirt with blue pants.She also is wearing a light blue hat and carries a black shoulder bag
The woman with the white dotted backpack is wearing a black shirt with a pair of jean shorts. She also has a gray cap on.
The woman is running and she is wearing a black shirt with grey shorts and brown shoes.She is also carrying a light grey backpack
A person with short brown hair is wearing a gray hat. They have a black and white backpack on their back. They are holding an object in their right hand and are wearing gray shorts and a black t-shirt.
The man is wearing blue jeans and white tennis shoes.  He has on a black jacket and is carrying a black bag.
A woman walking to the right wearing a grey jacket. blue jeans and white shoes carrying a dark colored bag. 
The woman is wearing all black and white tennis shoes. She is carrying a black bag. 
The man is wearing a gray hoodie, gray pants and white tennis shoes, he has short, red hair and is carrying a big, maroon Duffle bag.
A man with black hair is wearing a white top, dark pants, dark shoes and a dark bag.
The young man is wearing a white shirt,black pants and black shoes.He is also carrying a black backpack
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man looks to his right, carries a white garment hanging loosely from his left hand, carries a black backpack behind his right side with its wide black strap over his right shoulder and lifts his right foot. He wears a white t-shirt over black pants and black shoes.
long black short sleeve tunic top; long black leggins; black and white tennis shoes; braclet on one arm
A woman wearing a black t-shirt, a pair of black leggings, a black skirt and a pair of black and white shoes.
This woman has long hair and is wearing a black t shirt, black pants and black sneakers with grey detailing.
A woman wearing a dark black shirt, a pair of of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man wears a green shirt and dark shorts. He is wearing sneakers with low socks.
A man wearing a lime green shirt and navy shorts with tennis shoes, stands with a white towel around his neck.
A man wearing a black shirt under a brown jacket, a pair of jeans and a pair of gray shoes.
A man wearing blue jeans, tennis shoes, and a dark jacket is walking. He is carrying a blue backpack and is looking towards his left. 
The person on the right is wearing a grey hooded light weight jacket with a grey skirt and black shoes.
The woman is facing away, and she has long black hair draped over her shoulders.  She has on a medium colored jacket with a hood at the back.  The inside of the hood is white or lightly colored.  She's wearing boots that go up to her knees with black tights underneath the boots.  The woman has on a skirt that goes to her knees and has frills on it, and she's wearing a shirt that goes over the skirt and below the jacket.
The girl is wearing a hooded sweatshirt over a miniskirt and black boots. She has medium-long black hair.
The young lady is wearing a grey coat and black shirt. She is wearing a grey skirt and black pants.
This man has short black hair and is wearing a white button down, short sleeved shirt with a collar.
White male with short dark hair and distinctive triangular shaped side burns wearing white short sleeved polo shirt and medium brown long pants.
The man wears long gray pants and a white collared shirt and has short brown hair.
A man walks with a black binder in his left hand while wearing a pink business shirt with long sleeves, black trousers and black shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The lady is wearing a cream colored sweater with a tan ruffled skirt. He has on black flats and carrying a red handbag. 
A woman carries a red handbag over her shoulder with the bag and shoulder strap behind her while she wears flat, black shoes, a pale beige skirt in a velvety-textured material with horizontal stitching at the hem and a white sweater with a lacy texture.
Man in striped shirt pushing a baby stroller through a white mall with khaki pants.
An adult Asian male wearing glasses is clothed in a grey shirt with dark stripes on one side, creme colored pants, and black shoes with white soles.
A man wearing a gray shirt with gray stripes, a pair of brown pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a gray shirt with black stripes, a pair of brown pants and a pair of black pants.
The man is wearing a white collard polo and tan pants with black shoes. He is wearing glasses.
The young man has on a black and white jacket , black pants, and black and white shoes on.
He is wearing black pants with white tennis shoes. He is wearing a long sleeve, black shirt, has glasses and short, black hair.
The man is wearing a dark, long sleeve jacket with white striped cuffs and hem, dark pants, and white sneakers. 
The man is wearing a black zip-up coat with two white stripes around the bottom. He has white shoes on and a black jeans.
The man is walking and wearing a sleeveless tee shirt, black shorts, and grey shoes with black socks.
A man wearing a purple sleeveless shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A man wearing a purple tank top, a pair of black shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The woman with a phone carrying a bag over the shoulders, is wearing a white dress.
The woman is talking on the phone and she is wearing a white dress with white shoes.She also i carrying a grey and black shoulder bag
She  has  short  black hair  and is  wearing  a  long  white  dress  that  reaches her  knees .
The woman is talking on the phone and she is wearing a white dress with some tan wedges.She is also carrying a black tote shoulder bag
Girl with long, straight, dark hair, carrying a white bag.  She's wearing a dark , short sleeved top, light colored shorts and dark sneakers, with a dark bag or purse on her right shoulder.
A woman wearing a black shirt with white writing, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of blue shoes.
The woman is seen walking from the front.  She is wearing a blue shirt and blue jean shorts.  She is carrying a red purse.
A woman with a dark ponytail is wearing a blue shirt, shorts, sandals and sunglasses.
The woman has short black hair. She is wearing a blue tee shirt, a gray mini skirt, and brown shoes. She is carrying a red cross body style bag.
the image is too blurry to tell whats in it besides the fact that they are wearing blue
A person is walking carrying a gray umbrella. They are wearing a plum colored top with pink pants and a white bag on their left side.
The woman is holding an umbrella and wearing a brown shirt with pink capri pants and flip flops.
A woman is wearing a purple shirt and pink capri's. She has a brown satchel slung across her left shoulder and is carrying an umbrella in her right hand.
The female is wearing a purple top with pink capris and sandals.  Her long dark hair is pulled back into a ponytail.
The man is wearing a green long sleeved sweater and dark pants with a bag over his right shoulder.
A man with black hair is wearing a long sleeve green shirt, blue jeans, a bag and black and white sneakers.
The ma is wearing a black long sleeve jacket with white lines as a design,black pants and black and white shoes.He is also walking next to a girl
She is wearing dark colored shoes, tight black pants, and a loose orange shirt with short sleeves.
A woman with long black hair standing in a public setting.  She is wearing an orange shirt and black pants. 
She is wearing black shoes, black pants, and a peach colored top. She has long dark hair.
A woman wearing a white jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
The woman is wearing light sneakers, black pants, a white sweatshirt with a dark grey backpack on her back.
The man has dark hair and is wearing brown khakis and is holding a gun.
The man has a striped pattern button up shirt with khaki pants and pointed boots. 
A man wearing a red shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man with black hair is wearing a black jacket with a white stripe, blue jeans and a pair of grey sneakers.
A young man wearing gray pants, gray athletic shoes and a black jacket with gray stripes on the arms carries a large shoulder bag through a mall.
A person with short black hair is wearing a black jacket with a grey stripe, jeans and a black bag.
The child is wearing a white tee shirt and red pants with tennis shoes on. They have short dark hair.
A woman wearing a gray shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of red pants and a pair of pink shoes.
A boy wearing a white shirt, a pai rof red pants and a pair of red shoes.
A woman with dark shoulder length hair. She is wearing a green blouse, black pants, black shoes and is carrying a large dark tan bag over her left shoulder. 
A woman wearing a black and orange shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The lady wears a black dress black pants with grey and white sneakers as she walks inside the buildings floor.
The woman has her back turned she has dark brown long hair and is wearing a black dress with black leggings and black sneakers and is carrying a book under her arm. 
A woman dressed in a black shirt, tights and sneakers follows a young man as she steps on the tiled walkway. 
A woman with long brown hair is wearing a short sleeved black dress, black leggings and grey and black sneakers. 
The man is wearing a black hat,a green shirt, dark shorts.He is also wearing sneakers and wearing a towel around his neck. 
A man wearing a green shirt, a pair of gray shorts, a pair of black shoes and a white towel around his neck.
He  has short  brown hair  and is  wearing a   thick brown coat  .  He is also  wearing beige pants  and  shoes .
The man is wearing a blue backpack, a brown and white, long sleeved jacket, and light colored pants, and white sneakers.
Woman with long black hair, wearing glasses/sunglasses, grey sweatshirt, grey skirt, black leggings, black shoes.
A lady is wearing a grey hoodie and grey skirt with long black boots she is holding someones hand walking along the sidewalk.
The girl has long dark hair.  She is wearing a gray hoodie, which is not up on her head.  Underneath the hoodie is a black shirt.  She is wearing a gray short skirt and knee high boots.
The woman is wearing a grey, hooded jacket, a long black top, grey skirt, and black leggings and shoes.
The man is wearing a white shirt  and he has short dark hair. He is also passing by a green bush
A man wearing a bright, white wrinkled shirt with short sleeves and a pair of wrinkled brown pants.
A man wearing a white shirt with lots of wrinkles, a pair of brown khaki pants and a pair
The man wears a pink long sleeved shirt black pants with black shoes as he walks and carries a black book in his hands.
The man is wearing a blueish grey long sleeve button up shirt, black slacks, and black dress shoes.
A woman wearing a white, long sleeve shirt, a brown skirt with wrinkles and a pair of black shoes.
The women is wearing a white top and beighe skirt.  She carries a red handbag.
The man is wearing a white shirt with blue horizontal stripes that go half way around the shirt. He has on light yellow pants and black shoes. He is pushing a baby carriage.
The man had on a grey shirt with dark stripes on the left side of it. He has khaki pants and black shoes. It looks like he might be pushing a stroller. He is also wearing glasses.
The man walking and pushing the stroller is wearing khaki pants, glasses, and navy blue shoes. His shirt is gray with blue stars and stripes.
The man is wearing a grey and black horizontal striped shirt with stars by the right shoulder. He is pushing a red stroller.
A man wearing a blue and gray stripe shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of black shoes.
He is wearing a black jacket with white stripes while wearing black pants. He is also wearing white shoes.
The man wearing clear glasses wears a black and white jacket and black pants with white sneakers he is walking along the sidewalk.
He has  short neat black  hair  and is  wearing  a  black  and  white matching  outfit  with   all  white  tennis shoes .
He is  wearing  glasses and  a black  jacket  with  white  trim on  the  bottom . And  he  is  wearing all white  tennis shoes .
A man has black hair and is wearing black shorts and a purple sleeveless shirt.
The man wears a sleeveless purple shirt with black shorts, grey sneakers, and tall grey socks. He has black hair and wears a watch on his left wrist. 
This man is wearing a purple sleeveless t-shirt and black shorts.  He is wearing gray athletic shoes.
A woman in a white dress, a pair of white shoes and a gray and black hand bag.
The woman is wearing white knee-length shorts with a short-sleeved matching white top. She is talking on the phone as she is walking. Her purse is draped across her chest landing on her left hip.
A woman in a white dress, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The phone with the phone that is carrying a black bag over her shoulders, is wearing a white dress.
This girl has on a black t shirt, a small black backpack, khaki shorts, blue tennis shoes, black socks and is carrying a white shopping bag in her right hand
The young woman has long black hair and is wearing a black and white t-shirt and is carrying a shopping Malala and an umbrella.
A young female person with dark colored hair is wearing a blue t-shirt, jeans shorts, sandals, and a red bag over her right shoulder across her body to her left hip.
This is a view of what appears to be a female with dark hair, a blue tshirt, shorts dark sandals.  She is wearing an object on her back and what appears to be holding the hand of child.
The woman is wearing a short sleeved, blue t-shirt, gray shorts, and sandals. She has a red over the shoulder bag.
A woman in a purple shirt, a pair of purple shorts and a pair of white shoes.
A woman in a purple shirt, a pair of pink pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The woman is wearing light colored shoes, pink pants that end at her mid calf, and a brown shirt with short sleeves.
A lady wears a purple t shirt pink pants with beige flat shoes she carries a purple purse in her left hand and walks down the street holding an umbrella in her right hand.
TEENAGE YOUNG GIRL WEARING PINK TIGHTS AND PURPLE T SHIRT SHOWING HER BACK IS BUSY WALKING OPPOSITE CROSSING A GENTLEMAN IN A STREET
She has short  black  hair  and is  wearing  a  dark colored  shirt .  She is  also  carrying  a purse to one  side .
The man has medium black hair, green long sleeved sweatshirt with white inning, blue jean pants, white shoes with black outline.
A man wearing a brown jacket with a white line, a pair of black pants and a pair of lack and white shoes.
Female with black long hair.  Wearing a pink sleeveless shirt and black pants. 
A woman with long dark hair wears black pants, black shoes and a salmon colored shirt as she moves through an indoor mall.
A woman has a light pink samon shirt with black pants and matching black shoes.
This woman has long black hair and she's wearing a white jacket, blue jeans and she's carrying a black bag over her shoulder.
The woman is wearing a white jacket with some black pants, she is also carrying a black book bag.
A man wearing a brown shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The man is wearing a vertically striped red and white shirt and tan pants. He is holding a gun and a watch.
The man is wearing a red shirt with a dark jacket over it. He is also wearing jeans and has black hair.
A man wearing a black jacket with a white stripe, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man wearing a black jacket with a gray stripe,a pair of gray pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The guy is walking and carrying a black satchel on his right shoulder. The guy is wearing a long sleeved jacket and long pants.
Little girl running outside with a parent. she is wearing a white shirt and red pants. Hes shoes are pink.
Small child with black hair of medium length is looking at the ground wearing a t-shirt and pants.
This child is wearing red pants and a white t-shirt as well as sandals. The child has black hair. 
The woman is wearing a long sleeved, black shirt, dark pants, and dark shoes. She has long, dark hair and a large brown bag over her shoulder.
The person is wearing black flat shoes, black pants and a black top.  They are carrying a large brown bag on their right shoulder.
A woman wearing black pants, black heeled shoes and a black jacket carries a black shoulder bag and a red shoulder bag through a mall.
A woman wearing a green shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a black and white stripe shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of glasses.
A woman with black hair is wearing glasses, a white, black and red striped sweater, black pants, sneakers and a grey shirt.
A girl with long hair wearing a grey and black striped top with dark colored pants. 
A woman wearing a white and black stripe shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man is wearing a blue striped t-shirt with short sleeves and tan cargo shorts. He is wearing brown sneakers and ankle-high black socks.
A man is walking towards the camera wearing beige shorts and a blue shirt, wearing black socks around his ankles.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a short sleeve blue t-shirt and tan shorts with dark shoes. 
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man is wearing black knee length shorts with a white t-shirt that has a small pocket over the left breast. He is also wearing a black watch on his left wrist. He has black hair that is worn in a short cut.
The young man is wearing a white collarless shirt and black shorts. He is also wearing mulit-colored sneakers.
This individual has black hair and is reading, wearing a black sweater, black leggings and short boots.
The woman has long hair, wears a tight fitting black coat and black leggins, dark shoes. She is reading a piece of paper.
An asian girl with black hair is walking. She is wearing black pants and a black top. She is carrying a satchel and reading some papers. 
Lady is looking at a piece of paper. She is wearing a black jacket, black tight pants, black shoes and has a brown bag on her shoulder.
The man is jogging while wearing a purple t-shirt and light blue shorts. He wears white shoes and black socks.
The man wears a purple collared shirt and light blue shorts. He is jogging with white shoes and black socks.
The man is wearing a gray t-shirt and jeans.  He is pointing at the ground with his right hand.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
He has short  black hair  and is  wearing  a  grey shirt  . He is  also  wearing  black  pants  and  shoes .
The man is tall and slender. He is wearing a light brown t-shirt, dark jeans and brown shoes. 
He  has  short  black  hair  and is  wearing a white  shirt  with  red  writing. He is  also  wearing  red short pants .  
The kid has on  a red dress and white shoes. She has a white bag too.
The person wears a short sleeved shirt, pants and shoes.  The person appears to be male.
HE IS WEARING A BLACK SHIRT WITH A BLACK PANTS YOU CAN NOT SEE HIS SHOES HOWEVER HE IS WEARING A BROWN BRACELET, 
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes and a black wrist watch.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a shirt that is red and blue striped. He is also wearing white pants. 
MAN IN BLUE AND RED STRIPPED SHIRT, white slacks, and white shoes running holding something in front of him
A man wearing a brown button up jacket, a pair of gray pants, a blue shirt and a pink tranny wig.
This man is wearing a bright pink turban, a tan jacket, a grey sweater and grey pants.
A man wearing eyeglasses carries a filled black backpack on his back, has his right arm at his side, his left hand in front of his body, and takes a large step with his right leg. He wears a white, short-sleeve shirt with black banding along the side of the body and sleeve, black pants and white shoes.
A man with black hair is wearing a white t-shirt, dark pants, white sneakers and has a large black back pack. 
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man wears a blue t shirt blue jean shorts with brown sandals he holds a white cell phone and carries a green back pack.
The man wears a blue and pink t shirt blue jean shorts with brown sandals he carries a green back pack.
A man looks at his lifted cellphone and carries a green bag on his back with the green strap over his right shoulder. He wears a blue t-shirt with red-and-white lettering and markings on the right side over blue shorts ending below his knees and brown sandals.
A man wearing a blue shirt with flowers, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black sandals.
A man wearing pair of blue shorts, a pair of black shoes and a blue shirt.
She  has  short  black hair   and  is wearing a pink top  with  black  pants  . She is  also  wearing  black shoes .
A woman wearing a pink shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A person touches her face with her left hand and carries a white object in her right hand while wearing a white, short sleeve shirt with buttons down the front, pointed collar and covered in a faint reddish print over black pants and black-and-white running shoes.
A woman with short black hair is walking and wearing a white shirt, black pants, black shoes and is holding a white bag
The woman is wearing a white collared shirt, dark pants, and white shoes. She is carrying a bag in her left hand. 
The man that is walking and wearing a white top and red colored pants and carrying a bag.
A woman is walking down the street wearing a tan jacket and tan pants with an off-white bag slung over her shoulder.
A man wearing a blue uniform shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing a blue dress-shirt, black pants and dark brown shoes.He is also carrying a black man's purse
The man is wearing tan colored shoes, shorts and a yellow polo shirt.  He has short black hair.
the man is wearing a yellow polo shirt and blue jean shorts with light tan shoes.
The woman is wearing a dark grey overcoat, black pants, and black shoes. She carries a large black hand bag.
A woman with long black hair is wearing a long grey sweater and bag on her left shoulder while walking.
Long haired girl wearing a blue grey sweater coat and brown pants. She is holding a red purse on her shoulder and had dark colored shoes on.
This is a female who is wearing a tunic length gray knitted sweater, khaki pants, and carrying a handbag on her left shoulder.
A man wearing a pair of glasses, an orange shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of gray, white and black shoes.
A man is wearing an orange polo shirt and black pants and he is walking away. 
The man is wearing glasses and wearing a orange collared shirt and black shorts with grey shoes.
A man in a bright orange shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes on his feet.
A lady has long brown hair and a pair of sunglasses on. She is wearing a white tank and some short jean shorts.
She has long, wavy dark hair and is wearing a white tank top, denim short cutoffs and sandals.
A woman wearing a white tank top, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black dress shoes.
The man is waving and is wearing a white shirt,tan shorts and black and white shoes.He is also wearing sunglasses
The man is wearing a short sleeved, white shirt that has the number seven on the back of it, in black print, light colored shorts that have a large pocket on the side of it, and flip flops.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pans and a pair of shoes and an orange bag on her right shoulder.
This woman is wearing a black jacket, dark blue skinny jeans, and black shoes. She is also carrying a peach colored purse on her shoulder.
A young woman is wearing a striped cardigan sweater, a gray t-shirt and eye glasses. She is walking and has straight black hair. She is wearing black pants.
A woman wearing a white and black stripe shirt, a pair of black jeans and a pair of shoes.
A woman with long black hair is wearing a grey sweater with black stripes and a red stripe with black pants.
A woman with long black hair and bangs is wearing glasses, a red, white and black striped sweater and black pants.
The man is walking in a mall and is wearing cargo shorts that are khaki in color with a blue and black striped t-shirt.
the man is wearing kaki cargo shorts a blue t-shirt and has on sunglasses he is wearing black shoes with black crew socks.
The man is wearing a light blue and dark blue short sleeved shirt over tan cargo shorts and dark athletic shoes.
This man is wearing a patterned blue shirt, khaki shorts, grey sneakers and black socks and there is also something around his neck.
The man is wearing a white short sleeved shirt with a pocket on the left breast, dark colored shorts, and a watch on his left wrist. 
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black shorts, a pair of white shoes and a pair of white socks.
This is a female who is dressed in all black from head to toe, carrying a purse on her left shoulder, and reading from a paper.
She is wearing a black jacket with black pants and black boots. She is also carrying a camel colored bag. 
A woman in yoga pants, a sweater, and a black coat is carrying a purse and reading.
The woman with long dark hair is wearing a dark coat, dark pants, and dark shoes. She has a brown bag over her shoulder and is reading something from her hand. 
A man wearing a purple shirt, a pair of blue shorts and a pair of white shoes and black socks.
This man is wearing a bright purple polo shirt and light, blue or gray color shorts, black ankle socks and white or light color athletic shoes.
A man with balding black hair is wearing a short sleeved grey t-shirt and a pair of dark long pants.
The man in a light gray t-shirt and dark gray pants has his arms folded in front of his body.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man with black hair is wearing a tan t-shirt, cuffed loose grey pants and black shoes.
white and red shirt with a collar; short sleeve; design in the back of the shirt; red shorts above the knee; white shoes
The girl is wearing a red skirt, a red and white shirt and white shoes and socks.
The man wears a long t-shirt, black pants, and tennis shoes. He is fair skin-toned and has short dark hair.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes and a black wrist watch.
The man has blond hair. the man is wearing a black shirt, black pants and black shoes.
This person is wearing a red/pink and blue striped shirt that is short sleeves. They are wearing solid white pants and a black belt.
The man is wearing long white pants and a polo shirt that has wide blue and red stripes
This man is wearing a pink turban. He is also wearing a green shit with a tan long sleeve jacket and brown pants.
A man wearing a pink turban, a gray shirt, a brown jacket and a pair of gray pants.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
The man wears white sneakers, dark pants, and a light colored t-shirt. He carries a dark backpack.
A man's head is bent forward while he leads with his right arm and left leg while walking with a full, black backpack on his back and he holds a connected curved tube in his right hand. He wears a gray t-shirt over black pants and white shoes.
A man steps forward with his left leg, carries a curved black backpack on his back, and has unfolding rolled paper in his right hand. He wears a short-sleeve white shirt, black pants and white shoes with his left heel on the ground.
A man wearing a blue shirt, blue shorts, black sandals and looking at his mobile phone while standing on a sidewalk.
A man wearing a blue shirt with a picture on it, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of black and brown shoes.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a medium blue t-shirt with a colorful emblem down the right side, blue shorts and sandals. He is carrying a light colored shoulder bag on his right shoulder and looking at his phone in his right hand as he walks.
The man is wearing a blue t-shirt with colorful print and blue jean shorts that pass the knee. He is also wearing brown leather sandals and an army green backpack. He carries a white phone and is smoking a cigarette.
The man is wearing a short sleeved blue shirt, jean shorts, and sandals. He has a light gray backpack.
A woman has a gray, oblong, tote bag between a bent elbow and her left side. She wears a long red-and-white blouse over her hips with black leggings and black shoes.
The woman wears a pink blouse and dark pants with dark shoes. She is also carrying a green bag.
Female with short brunette hair that is wearing a elbow length buttoned blouse and black pants with black and white sneakers on her feet.
The individual appears to be female; she is wearing a light colored collared shirt that has elbow-length sleeves, dark pants, and dark shoes with white laces and soles.  In her left hand she is carrying a white object. 
The lady has black short hair, a white elbow length sleeved button down dress shirt, black pants, black and white sneakers, is walking and carrying a white bag in her right hand.
The man is wearing a white, long sleeved shirt and pinkish colored pants. He is carrying a bag.
The women is wearing a long sleeved light colored top and pants. She has a purse over her right shoulder.
The man is wearing a blue, short-sleeved, button down shirt, black pants, and black shoes. He is carrying and looking into a small black bag that is draped across his shoulder. He also has a set of keys hanging from his belt.
A man wearing a blue button up shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
He  is  wearing   a  bright  yellow shirt  . He  is  also  wearing  dark  short pants  .He  is  also  wearing   some  light  sandals .
The man is wearing a yellow collared polo shirt and blue jean shorts with flip flops. He is carrying a shopping handbag.
A woman is walking while wearing a long grey sweater and a black bag on the left shoulder.
This individual has a knee length hooded sweater over what looks like a long shirt, slacks and possibly wearing sandals. She carries a dark bag on her left shoulder.
The woman is carrying a dark red purse, wearing a grey sweater, and brown pants.
The lady wears a long grey sweater and light beige pants she carries a dark brown shoulder bag as she walks.
Dark short hair male wearing glasses, an orange short sleeved, open neck shirt, dark knee length pants and tennis what looks like gray tennis shoes.  He is walking and has his right hand raised across his chest.
Male with short dark hair is wearing an orange colored t-shirt with dark knee-length bottoms.
A man with dark short hair is walking to the right.  He is wearing an orange short sleeve shirt and wearing a dark pair of shorts and sneakers.
A heavyset young man in a bright orange T-shirt and black shorts. He is looking downwards at the ground. His shoes are white.
A young woman with long dark hair wears blue jean shorts, a white shirt and sandals as she walks along a sidewalk.
The woman is wearing sunglasses, a white tank top, and jean shorts. She has long hair.
The woman is wearing a white sleeveless shirt and short shorts. She has her hair down and is wearing sunglasses. 
A man with short brown hair is wearing sunglasses, a white t-shirt, tan shorts and sandals.
This man is walking away from the camera and slightly to the right. His left foot is in of his right. He is light-skinned with a slight sunburn or tan. He has close-cut brown hair and is wearing a white, short-sleeved sports jersey with the number "7" on the back. He is wearing khaki shorts and black flip-flops.
The man is walking.  He is holding a brown paper bag in his left hand. He is wearing black shorts.  He is wearing a black T-shirt with a white long sleeve shirt underneath.  He is wearing black shoes with 3 white stripes on them. The man has black, short cut hair.
The man is wearing a black t-shirt and black shorts. He is also wearing tennis shoes with a black and white sole.
The woman has long black hair. Her shirt is black with short sleeves. Her pants are orange and she has on brown sandals. She is carrying an orange shopping bag.
She has long hair and glasses and is wearing a black t-shirt, red skinny jeans, black sandals and is carrying a red shopping bag.
This person, who appears to be a woman, has black curly hair, is wearing glasses is carrying a red shopping bag in her right hand, has her left hand at her face and has a large, black bag hanging from her right shoulder,
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of pink pants and a pair of glasses.
The man is wearing a light colored top and brown pants.  His shoes are dark.  He is wearing glasses.  A strap is around his front and shoulder.
He  has  very little hair  on  his  head . He  is  wearing  a white  shirt  and  grey pants.
A person looks to the left and carries a dark-gray, backpack on the back while holding a cell phone with both hands in front of the chest. The person is wearing a gray plaid shirt and gray pants.
The man wears long blue jeans, a grey and black striped shirt, and a grey backpack with a green keychain.
The man has black hair, a black and grey striped sweater blue jeans and black and white tennis shoes and he's carrying a grey backpack. 
Dark haired man with black and grey stripped long sleeved shirt and jeans has a dark backpack on his back with a something green hanging off the right side of the back pack 
The bald man has earbuds in and has a purple short sleeved tee shirt over his blue jeans and grey slip on boat shoes, and is carrying a red back pack.
An African American male with a purple shirt, red book bag, blue jean pants, and black shoes.
The man wears a purple shirt and denim jeans. He wears a red backpack and black shoes.
MAN WEARING A PURPLE T-SHIRT WITH WHITE AND BLACK DESIGN ON CHEST.  HE HAS ON JEANS AND BLACK SNEAKERS WITH A WHITE SOLE.
The girl wears a pink top and a light green bottom accompanied by a man with beard
A person with dark hair. They have on a pink colored t-shirt. They are wearing khaki colored pants.
A man wearing a black tee shirt with dark blue denim pants carrying a backpack and lunch bag.
A teenage boy wearing a black shirt with a metal symbol on it with black pants and sandals carrying a bag.
A man with short black hair is wearing glasses, a black t-shirt with a logo, black pants and he has a large white plastic bag.
The man is walking slowly and looking to his left while wearing black slacks and a black tee shirt with a white design
The individual appears to be male with light colored hair.  The man is wearing what could be a wet suit or boiler suit hat is black; the suit has two tringle designs at the knees and two other designs on either side of the chest.  The man is wearing dark shoes.  
A man wearing a dark black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The woman has long hair and is crossing the road. She is wearing a striped knee-length dress and high-heeled sandals. 
A woman wearing a white and red stripe dress, a pair of white shoes with a lifted up back.
A lady with a pony tail on a stripped red dress is looking at her phone and wearing ear phones.
The man is walking while looking at some papers, and he is wearing denim pants and a dark colored jacket with dark hair.
man is reading a piece of paper, dark gray jacket, jeans, shoes, brown hair, looks in a good moode
The woman has long, dark hair and is wearing a short, dark blue skirt and a grey T-shirt.
A woman wearing a pair of dark gray shorts, a gray t-shirt and a a pair of dark colored shoes.
The woman is walking.  She has long dark hair and is wearing a grey shirt and blue shorts.
The woman has long, loose dark hair. She is wearing a gray short sleeved shirt with blue shorts and dark-colored shoes.
woman wearing glasses has a grey t shirt . she is also wearing a gray shirt and black shoes
She is wearing black shoes, dark colored shorts, and a short sleeved grey shirt. She has dark hair.
The young woman is wearing jean shorts and a grey shirt. She is also wearing black shoes and glasses. 
The woman is wearing brown sandals, black and white pants and a black shirt.  She is carrying a black and white purse and is wearing glasses.
A woman wearing a black shirt with a white picture on the front, a pair of black and white polkadot pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The girl is wearing a navy t-shirt with white shorts and flip flops and a man has his arm around her. 
The woman has a black Bob haircut and is wearing khaki shorts with a blue shirt.
He is wearing dark shoes, long skinny pants, and a collared shirt with short sleeves. He is wearing glasses.
The man is walking, wearing a dark, long-sleeved shirt, dark jeans, and brown shoes that have laces that tie. He is carrying a bag in his left hand. He is wearing glasses.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a white jacket, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
A man wearing a dark brown shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt with gray writing, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray and white shoes.
The man is wearing a white tee shirt and long black pants. His shoes are black and his base ball cap is white. 
The man is wearing a white hat and has a white collared shirt with black pants and black shoes.
A wider man with his hands behind his back is wearing a white cap on his head, a short sleeved white shirt that is tucked into a pair of black dress pants.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The man is facing away and walking in sandals. he has short dark hair and is wearing an oversized white and black striped short sleeved shirt with black shorts.
The man with short dark hair is wearing a black and white striped polo shirt with dark, above the knee shorts and dark flip flop style sandals.
The mans is wearing a long blue and white striped T-shirt with blue cargo pants. He is wearing brown sandals and he has short, dark hair.
The man has dark hair, is wearing a white and blue shirt, blue shorts, and flip flops. 
A woman wearing a long white shirt, a pair of white shorts and a pair of shoes.
While wearing a white dress, the woman with long dark hair is strolling through a busy corridor. 
The man is wearing a white shirt and black pants with dark shoes. He appears to be wearing glasses and is holding a dark object in his hands.
The man is carrying a jug with a clear liquid. He is wearing a white shirt and black pants.
The rear view of this man shows he has short black hair. He is wearing a white shirt with a black logo on the back. He is also wearing black pants.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man is wearing a black top with sleeves.  His pants are black.  His tennis shoes are black and white.  He is standing beside a vehicle.
The man is dressed all in black. He walks with his head down and one leg is bent at the knee with foot raised.
A man in a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The subject is wearing a black long-sleeved shirt and long black pants with lighter shoes.  He or she also has black hair.  
This woman is wearing a black shirt that has no sleeves.  She has a white skirt that goes up to the knees.  She has heelless black dress shoes.  She is carrying a small purse on her back.
The man is wearing a black shirt and black shorts and is carrying a paper bag.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of black shorts, a pair of black and white shoes.
The woman is wearing black sandals, pink pants and a black t-shirt.  She has black hair and is carrying a reddish pink shopping bag in her right hand and a black tote on her right shoulder.
This lady is wearing a black shirt and red pants. She is also carrying a bag.
A lady wearing glasses, a black t-shirt, pink pants and sandals is carrying a large black bag on her right shoulder and has another bag in her right hand.
THE WOMAN IS WEARING A BLACK BLOUSE AND RED PANTS. SHE IS CARRYING A RED SHOPPING BAG IN HER RIGHT HAND. SHE IS WEARING GLASSES. SHE HAS SHORT, DARK HAIR. SHE IS WALKING TOWARDS THE CAMERA.
The man wears a light gray collared shirt. He wears gray pants and a black handbag hangs from his shoulder.
The man wears a white collared shirt and gray slacks. He has a black bag slung over his left shoulder.
He is wearing a stripped shirt,carring a green bookbag on his back and long pants.
The man is wearing a black and grey shirt,green pants and is carrying a green backpack.
A male with neck length hair wearing a black and green striped shirt with blue denim pants carrying a backpack.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a gray back pack and a pair of blue jeans and a pair of glasses.
The man is wearing a purple t-shirt, with blue jeans and dark shoes. He is carrying a red backpack and has headphones in his ears. 
The man wears a purple shirt, blue jeans, and black vans. He has a buzzed haircut with a bald spot in the back of his head. He's caring a red back pack.
The man has gray hair and male pattern baldness. he is wearing a purple t-shirt with half-length sleeves, jeans, and white sneakers with black soles, and is carrying a red backpack on his back.
A man wearing a purple shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
The girl wears a pink shirt and yellow pants. She wears pink shoes and has short black hair.
The person is wearing a light pink shirt and light colored pants. Her hair is short and black.
A man with black hair is wearing a black shirt, pants, a backpack and is carrying a white plastic bag and a small black bag.
The man wears black pants and a black t-shirt with a white image on the front. He has short hair and glasses.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of black and white shoes and a pair of black pants.
A man wearing a black shirt with a white logo, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
He is  mainly  bald   but  the light  hair  he has  is   bright  blonde  .He  is  also wearing a  solid  black  outfit  with a  few patches  on it  .
The man with curly blond hair is wearing a black racing suit and smiles while posing for a picture.
The lady wears red and white dress with white bow sandals she stands next two the woman wearing headphones.
A woman is wearing a dress of alternating red-and-white, thin stripes with short sleeves, red trim at the rounded neck and tan wedge shoes.
The woman has long black hair pulled back in a ponytail with a red hair tie and is wearing a short sleeved red and white striped, round necked, knee length dress with medium heeled white bowed sandals.
The man is looking down, reading a paper. He wears a dark colored button down, sleeves pushed up to near his elbows, over a black tshirt. He is wearing blue jeans, and flip flops. He has a bracelet on his right wrist. He has dark hair and darker tan skin.
A man is wearing a gray jacket, black shirt and blue pant. He is also is holing a piece of paper with both hands.
A woman wearing a short blue skirt, a gray t-shirt and a pair of black shoe son her feet.
Girl with long dark hair wearing a light shirt, dark shorts and has on flats.
The girl is wearing a grey tshirt and denim shorts. She has long dark hair and is wearing sandals. 
She is wearing blue jean shorts and a light grey shirt with a black design on the upper chest. She has dark hair.
She is wearing black shoes, glasses, a short dark grey skirt, and a short sleeved light grey shirt.
A young, dark haired woman is wearing a grey t-shirt, blue shorts and black shoes.
This woman is wearing a gray t-shirt with a pink and black design, a blue jean skort and black shoes. She is wearing sun glasses and has long, dark hair.
Woman wearing glasses wearing a black shirt and carrying a "camouflage" black and white purse.  She's got on black sweet pants with  white polka dots and sandals.
The woman is wearing long slacks with a black background and white dots and a black top while carrying a small purse and a larger shoulder bag
Two people is walking one with the arm around the other and another person on the side
Asian woman, around 5ft 4 in, small built. Wearing a short sleeved black tshirt that has the writing "Real supersexy" in white lettering. Khaki shorts and a beige purse that is being carried cross body style. black flip flops
A man, in all dark clothing is walking. He appears to be wearing glasses of some sort. 
The man wears a black jacket. He wears black pants and red shoes and he wears glasses.
The man is smiling and he is wearing a grey shirt with a white jacket on top,black pants and white shoes
A man walking to the right wearing a black short sleeved shirt, black shorts, and blue shoes. 
The young man is wearing black shorts and light blue sneakers as well as a dark top with short sleeves
A man in a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of black shoes and a white hat.
The man seems to be wearing a white hat. His shirt is white and appears to be tucked into his black pants. 
THE MAN IS WEARING A WHITE SHORT SLEEVED SHIRT AND BLACK SHOES WITH BLACK SHOES.
The man is wearing a black and white striped shirt. He is wearing black shorts. He has on sandals. 
The guy has short black hair and is wearing glasses. He is wearing a black and white striped, collared t-shirt and is wearing dark colored cargo shorts. He has on dark colored thong flip flops.
The man has dark hair.  He is wearing a striped short sleeved shirt.  He is wearing shorts and sandals.
This dark haired male is visible from the back only and wears a white short sleeved shirt with navy blue stripes, navy blue knee length shorts and sandals.
A woman is using a white dress that is very short she is carrying a bag 
A woman wearing a short white dress with creases, a pair of white high heel shoes and a bag over her left shoulder.
This man is looking at something in his hands, possibly a phone. He wears a white t-shirt and long, black pants.
An Asian man in a white shirt with japanese characters on the front, black pants, and carrying a jug of water.
This man is wearing a white shirt, dark pants, has dark hair, and is carrying a jug of water in his left hand.
A person has a left foot lifted off the ground behind her as she walks. She carries a crumpled, black bag under her left arm and her right elbow is bent. She looks ahead wearing a white t-shirt with vertical markings centered between her shoulder blades and on the right side of her back, black pants, and flat, black shoes.
The man is visible from the back. He wears dark shoes with white trim, and dark jeans. He has short dark hair. 
The man is walking and he is looking down.He is wearing a dark blue  navy shirt with black pants and grey and white shoes
The man who is riding a bike has short black hair. He is wearing a black short sleeve shirt and black slacks.
A man in a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
LADY IS SLOWLY WALKING. SHE HOLDS A SMALL LEATHER POCH BAG IN HER RIGHT SIDE. SHE WEARS WHITE SIRT AND BLACK SLEEVE LESS JACKER. SHE WARS A WRIST WATCH IN HER LEFT HAND
A young women has on a white skirt, blue blouse and flat black shoes she is carrying a pink bag and umbrella. 
The woman has dark hair and is wearing a red, short-sleeved shirt, black pants, black shoes, and is carrying a black bag.
A woman wearing a bright red shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The individual appears to be a young girl with dark hair.  She is wearing grey shirt with a dark graphic on the front, pink shorts, and white sandals.
This young girl has black shoulder length hair and is wearing a gray t shirt with a black design on the front and a pair of pink print shorts.
She is  currently in the middle  of   a phone call . She is  wearing  a nice  business  suit  with  a  white  dress shirt  underneath .
The woman has long light brown hair, is wearing a black business suit with white low-cut blouse with large, white cuffs, a gold ring, and is talking on a cellphone.
The woman is wearing a black business suit and black skirt with black dress shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt with a white collar, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of black shoes.
Man is balding on top, wearing tan pants and a white short sleeve polo shirt.  He has a dark strap on his shoulder across his body.
A woman wearing a pink and white stripe top, a pair of pink shorts and a pair of black shoes.
She has  her shoulder length hair  in  a  pony tail . She is  also  wearing a pink stripped shirt  and  short  pants  .
A woman wearing a pink pair of shorts, a pair of black shoes and a white and pink shirt.
The woman has medium black hair, black short sleeved shirt, white with black outlined purse, black pants.
The woman has medium black hair, black short sleeved shirt with white shirt underneath, black pants, slip on shoes, and white purse right arm.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of gray shoes.
A woman with upswept hair and sunglasses walks away from the viewer wearing a loose fitting striped coat and white sandals.
The lady is walking fast.  She is wearing a mid calf dress or night shirt with white and grey horizontal stripes and white slippers. 
The man is wearing a  short sleeved red polo shirt with a white color and white trim on the sleeves.  He is wearing dark pants and light sneakers. 
This man is visible from the front. He has black hair and dark skin. He is wearing a red shirt with a white collar and black pants with white tennis shoes. 
This man is wearing a white/red short sleeved shirt, black pants, and plain white walking shoes.
A man in a red shirt with a white collar, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
A person in a white long-sleeved shirt pants with a belt with dark hair is sitting down in a park.
The woman has very long dark hair and is sitting. She is wearing a light colored dress.
The person has dark hair and is wearing a dark backpack. They have a white shirt on and grey bottoms. 
The man is wearing a dark grey zip up hoodie that is zipped up to his chest, he is wearing a black shirt underneath. He is also wearing black slacks and yellowish brown sneakers with white shoe laces. The man is also wearing glasses. 
The man is visible on his left side.  He has on tan tennis shoes with white soles.  He has on a black leather jacket, and is wearing prescription glasses.  He has very short black hair.
This man is wearing a black jacket with a silver zipper. He is looking down at his shoes as he walks.
He is a black man with close-cut hair and glasses. He's wearing a black leather jacket and black jeans with tan sneakers.
A man with a grey shirt and black shorts also black shoes. He has his right hand in his pocket and in his left hand he is holding an orange cup.
The man wears a grey t-shirt and navy blue shorts. He wears grey shoes and a backpack that is black, blue, and yellow.
woman with long dark hair in a pony tail with a pink tie.  Peach sleeveless top with beige colored shorts and beige flat shoes.
The women is wearing a pink  shirt with khaki shorts. She is walking towards something.
He has  short  black  hair  .  He  is  carrying a  book in one  hand  and  is  also carrying a  large  bag  .
He has  short  black hair  and is wearing  glasses . He is also  wearing a  stripped shirt  and  black pants  .  He is  also  carrying  a  black bag.
The slender young person is wearing a stripped shirt, dark jeans, sneakers, and a brown bag. 
The man wears tennis shoes, black pants, and a black, grey, and white striped sweater. He wears glasses, carries a bag, and papers.
A woman walks in the street with her palms up. She is wearing glasses and a collared uniformed shirt, she is wearing dark-colored pants and Nike shoes.
The man is wearing a yellow short sleeved t-shirt with a black collar. He also has black pants and black and white tennis shoes 
A woman wearing a yellow and brown shirt, a pair of blue jean pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man is wearing an orange vest over a striped shirt.  He is wearing white sneakers.  He is looking down.
Male, short dark hair, wearing open grey hoodie with red lining, dark backpack, white sneakers and jeans
Man has on  a jacket trimmed in red over a white shirt with gray stripes. He is wearing gray pants and white shoes.
A man walking wearing a red and white jacket, grey and white striped shirt, black pants, and white shoes carrying a black back pack. 
The woman looks down at her phone while wearing a red shirt and black pants. She wears black shoes and a watch.
The woman wears a red shirt and black pants. She has a shopping bag on one shoulder and a purse on another.
This lady wears a pink t-shirt type shirt with dark pants, that are about an inch above her shoes, which are also dark.  She has a purple bag with black straps over one shoulder and wears a watch on the same wrist.  She is wearing dark rimmed glasses and has short dark hair. 
The woman is walking.  She is wearing a white shirt and blue pants.  She is carrying a purple bag.
A woman carries an angular black tote bag with the strap across her right shoulder over a white t-shirt tucked outside of dark-blue jeans with pale, yellow stitching across the back pockets and gray-and-white flat shoes.
The woman has glasses and a purple shoulder bag. She is wearing a white  t-shirt, blue jeans and sneakers.
The lady wears a white colored t shirt with blue pant.She also had a hand bag which is pink in color is placed on her shoulder.
The woman is wearing a plaid short-sleeve shirt with a black shirt underneath. She has on blue jeans and pink tennis shoes. She is carrying a red backpack and a small, red purse.
A woman is carrying a red backpack with thick yellow band and narrow black band on the bottom while she adjusts the right strap behind her. She wears a plaid blouse with flap sleeve over black leggings and purple shoes with white edging.
The lady is wearing a patterned short sleeved shirt over her dark blue jeans and magenta shoes with a bright red and yellow back pack.
A man wearing a pair of blue jeans, a pair of white shoes and a bright, white, short sleeve shirt.
This man is wearing a white shirt and long pants. He seems to be wearing white shoes
The woman is wearing a button up collared shirt with rolled up sleeves, dark grey ripped pants and sneakers. She has a backpack on.
A woman wearing a white blouse with a ruffled collar, a pair of blue jeans and a black back pack.
The woman is wearing a white button up collared shirt with skinny jeans, torn at the knees and carrying a grey suit case.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of jeans and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing a black suit.  He is also wearing a white collared with a black tie  He is looking down at his cell phone.
A man looks down and plays a vertical flute held in his left hand, while carrying sideways a large case by its handle for a stringed musical instrument while wearing a black suit, skinny black tie, white shirt, black trousers and black shoes.
The man is looking down at his phone. He wears a black suit and tie while carrying a briefcase.
A woman wearing a white skirt, a pair of black shoes and a black blouse.
A woman carries a black tote bag on the left side of her body while she wears a long red blouse with short sleeves, black pants and black shoes.
The young woman has a bright red top and black slacks and is carrying a large black bag
The girl is young and wearing a grey printed tee shirt with pink shorts and white sandals.
The girls has a grey shirt on and pink shorts.  She has dark colored, shoulder length har.
A middle aged Caucasian woman wearing a black pencil skirt, white blouse and black blazer. She has shoulder length brown hair.
The woman is talking on the phone and wearing a white button down shirt with a black jacket and a black skirt. 
This woman is wearing a black jacket over a white shirt, a black skirt that comes tro her knees, and black heels. She is also holding a cellphone in her hand.
He is wearing dark shoes, loose khaki pants, and a short sleeved white polo shirt. He is carrying a black bag slung over his shoulder to his right side.
He is wearing black shoes, dark khaki pants, and a short sleeved white shirt. He is carrying black bag.
A man has a black strap crossing over his white, pullover, short-sleeve shirt with white collar which he wears with gray slacks and black shoes.
She is wearing a pink-striped shirt with pink bottoms.  She has a black and white bag on her left shoulder and carries a bright green bag in her left hand.
The woman has brown hair pulled back into a ponytail. She is wearing hot pink shorts, and a pink and white striped t shirt with black flip flops. She is carrying a dark colored messenger bag.
A WOMAN WITH BROWN HAIR IN A PONYTAIL WEARS PINK SHORTS WITH A PINK AND WHITE STRIPED SHIRT.
A woman with short black hair, wearing a black top, dark leggings and carrying a white bag, is walking. 
The woman is wearing a black shirt over a white and black striped shirt with blue jeans and a purse. 
The girl has white skin and black hair. She is carrying a light colored purse and wears a black and white t-shirt and dark colored pants. 
Brunette woman with sandals and a long baggy dress walking next to some steps and plants. 
A mature Asian woman wearing glasses wears a stripped, sack-like dress that falls well below her knees and has white sandals on her feet.
A man in an orange and white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
This man wears long black pants and a red short sleeved shirt with a white collar and white on the end of each sleeve.  His sneakers are light green.
An old man wears a red shirt with white collar y black pants. He has a black hat on his head.
The man walking is wearing a red shirt with a white color and cuffed sleeves and black pants.
The girl with short black hair and white blouse is sitting and talking with another person.
the girl has long black hair and is wearing a white shirt with beige pants on while sitting on a bike.
The person has black hair and is wearing a white shirt with tan pants and has a backpack on his back.
The man is wearing black clothing, and beige shoes. The man has one hand in his pocket. He is wearing glasses.
A man walks while wearing a black jacket, black pants, white shoes and carrying a black bag.
A man walking while looking down wearing a black jacket, black pants, and light brown shoes. 
The person is in a black leather jacket and tight black pants, with tan colored shoes on. 
The man is wearing a dark t-shirt, dark shorts. He is wearing sunglasses, carrying a colorful backpack on his back and gray shoes. 
The man is wearing a grey t-shirt and blue knee-length shorts. He is carrying a multicolored patterned backpack. 
A girl with earbuds, a pink tank top, and khaki shorts walks in a crowded area.
She is wearing a pink, sleeveless shirt. She has on khaki shorts and flat shoes. Her hair is back in a ponytail with a pink hair tie.
The man has on a white shirt with black stripes across. He is wearing dark jeans with black and white shoes and holding a bag over his shoulder.
The man wears grey sneakers, dark long pants, and a white and dark colored striped long sleeve sweater. He carries paper in his hands and has a bag over his right shoulder.
A woman carries a lighted tablet with both hands at waist level, carries a dark-brown shoulder bag under her bent right elbow and over her right shoulder, has long hair falling in front of her right shoulder and steps forward with her right leg. She wears a long-sleeve white top with horizontal  black stripes in different widths, black pants and black shoes with white trim.
A man wears glasses with black frames, looks to his left, carries a black shoulder bag on his right side under his bent right elbow, and carries folded white paper in his right hand which is clasped with his left hand. He wears a white long-sleeve top with horizontal black and gray stripes, black pants and gray running shoes.
A woman wearing a yellow and black shirt, a pair of dark blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
He has short  black hair  and  is wearing   a  bright yellow  shirt .  He  is  also wearing  dark colored  shoes  with white  trim .
She  is  wearing  glasses . She is also  wearing a  yellow  and  black  shirt  and  black  pants . She is  also  wearing  black  sneakers  .
The individual is a young adult Asian male wearing white sneakers dark grey trousers a baggy white and grey striped sweatshirt and a bright orange vest
Male with dark hair, wearing open light colored long sleeved jacket with red interior, a black backpack, dark colored jeans and white shoes.
A man wearing a white and grey striped shirt, grey pants, and white sneakers. Over his shirt is an orange jacket, that is unzipped.
Guy with a light grey hoodie and striped shirt underneath. He has a black back pack on with black pants and white sneakers.
She  has   a pixie  style haircut   and is  wearing  a  red shirt  and  black pants  . She is  also  carrying a darker colored bag  .
This woman has short black hair and is wearing a pink blouse, black pants and black slippers.  She is also carrying a black bag on her left shoulder and a red bag on her right shoulder.
Woman with glasses carrying purple shoulder bag with black straps and trim. Wearing red short sleeved shirt and black pants and black shoes. 
A woman with short black hair, glasses blue jeans, and white t-shirt is walking and carrying a purple bag
The woman is carrying a big purse. She is wearing jeans and a white t-shirt.
The lady has short black hair, glasses, a white tshirt with some writing on the front, tight blue jeans, gray canvas sneakers, and has a purple large shoulder bag on her right shoulder that she is reaching into.
A middle aged woman with a white T shirt and denim jeans is carrying a purple bag and some papers.
A woman with long brown hair is walking. She is carrying a small red purse and a red backpack. She is wearing a plaid shirt with a black tanktop, blue jeans and pink sneakers.
The woman is wearing a short sleeved pink plaid shirt over a black camisole. She has dark skinny jeans on and magenta sneakers. Her backpack, which she appears to be adjusting, is red on top and yellow on the bottom. 
A woman wearing a pink and white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of pink shoes.
He is  wearing  a  white  shirt  and  darker  colored    jeans .  He  also  has a  full head of  hair .
The man is wearing a white short sleeved shirt with long black pants. He appears to have short hair.
the girl has shoulder length black hair, is wearing jeans and sneakers and is wearing a button up collared shirt
A WOMAN WITH SHORT DARK HAIR AND BANGS IS WEARING A WHITE COLLARED SHIRT AND A BACKPACK.
A woman wearing a white shirt with buttons, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white and black shoes.
The lady wears a white shirt black jeans with white sneakers she stands inside the room holding a grey suitcase and carries a brown shoulder bag.
A man wearing a pink dress shirt, a brown tie, a gray jacket, a gray pair of pants and a pair of brown shoes.
A man waring a white shirt, a neck tie, a black jacket and a pair of black shoes.
This man is wearing a black jacket over a white long sleeved shirt, black pants, and shoes. He is also wearing a tie and carrying a black suitcase.
This person is walking along and is wearing tan pants, dark coat and is also wearing a blue backpack.
The man has short black hair. He is wearing a black shirt, khaki pants, and brown boots. He is carrying a blue backpack.
Man with back pack that is back with purple strip has light colored pants and dark jacket and has dark trimmed collar length hair. 
This person has black hair and is wearing a black jacket, brown pants and brown shoes.
Lady is wearing a dark colored jacket and black pants. She has on white shoes with a bag over her shoulder.
The man is wearing a black and red checkered sweater with black slacks and white shoes. He is carrying a bag over his right shoulder. He is also wearing eyeglasses. 
He is a white man with short, dark hair and glasses. He's wearing a red plaid hooded coat and black pants. He's carrying a black leather backpack.
The man is wearing a black and red sweatshirt and glasses while carrying a black bag.
This child is wearing a grey short sleeved t-shirt with some type of graphic on backside. She also is wearing dark blue capris that are knee length. 
A little girl is walking next to a red stroller with a brown shopping bag around the handle.  The girl has black hair.
The woman is wearing a red shirt and denim jumper with two pockets on the back. Her hair is in a ponytail.
The lady is waring a bluejean dress with a red tshirt, blue shues, long black hair, she is carrying a green bag and seems to carry a white long cellphone on her front pocket
This man is looking down as he walks away from the camera, he is wearing all black.
A man leans forward with arm at his side while wearing a black shirt with gathered stitching tucked into a gold band at his back with a flounce of gold at the shirt hem, over black pants and shoes.
A man wearing a black vest with buttons, a pair of yellow pants and a pair of black shoes.
This person is wearing a vest type black top. He has on bright yellow pants and is carrying a large backpack.
A woman carries a black shoulder bag over her left shoulder with the arm bent forward at the elbow. She wears a black vest over yellow pants and flat, black shoes.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a black, metal studded leather vest with yellow pants.
A man is looking to his left side and wearing a red polo shirt with curved wrinkles on his back with black, knee-length shorts and gray slip-on shoes.
A man wears a clingy, orangey-red polo shirt tucked out over knee-length, black shorts and black-and-white printed sneakers while carrying a blue tote bag over his right shoulder.
A man wearing a red shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
This woman is wearing a black dress over black leggings. She is carrying a large black bag on her left shoulder. She has on light-colored shoes.
The woman wears a short sleeved black t-shirt and black pants with white sneakers she is carrying a black shoulder bag.
The woman is wearing a light top with a light colored skirt.  She has dark hair and she is holding a dark bag in her right hand.
A woman carries a gray, tear-drop shaped backpack across the front of her body while she looks to the side. She wears a lavender, sleeveless blouse with white short shorts and white shoes.
A woman with long black hair is wearing an oversized grey shirt over short black shorts and white shoes.
A woman wearing a white shirt with a hole on the left arm, a pair of short shorts and a pair of sandals.
The young woman with long dark hair is walking quickly while wearing tight denim shorts and a loose fitting white top
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of shorts and a pair of shoes.
She is wearing green pants and a blue jacket with the sleeves pushed up to just below her elbows. She has a black purse and a suitcase.
 woman wearing a puffy blue jacket, a pair of green pants and a bag across her back.
The man is wearing a white shirt and gray pants. He has a black belt around his waist.
This man has short black hair and is wearing a short sleeved button down shirt and dark gray pants and he has his foot up and resting on something.
The woman is wearing a sleeveless gray dress and white shoes. She has long, dark hair and a light pink purse over her shoulder.
The woman is seen from the side walking.  She is wearing a blue dress and white shoes.  The woman is carrying a pink purse and a bottle with a green label.
The woman is visible from the front. She is wearing a light blue dress at knee level and white shoes. She is carrying a pale pink purse on her left shoulder, and 2 large bottles of soda in her hands. She has long, dark hair.
A woman in a gray dress, a pair of white shoes and a pair of sunglasses on her face.
A young man with short dark hair with a grey button shirt, dark pans and sneakers. He has a black back pack. 
This man has short black hair and he's wearing  gray button down shit and black pants, and he's carrying a black backpack on his back.
The man is wearing a grey dress shirt and blue jeans. He is wearing white tennis shoes and is wearing a black backpack.
The man is wearing a grey collared, button down shirt with blue jeans and tennis shoes, he is also wearing a black back pack.
The woman has her hand to her forehead.  She is wearing a pink shirt and green pants.  She has a green scarf on.
A girl with long dark hair, wearing a red tank top and long pants, stands at a desk. 
A woman wearing a red tank top, a pair of green pants, a pair of white shoes and a green scarf.
A man with a long torso is wearing a black t-backed tank top, gray shorts and black tennis shoes. He has a black, white and red bag that resembles newsprint slung over his right arm and a silver watch on his left wrist. 
The man wears glasses, grey shorts, black shoes, and a black sleeveless shirt. He had a handbag on one shoulder.
This person has short dark hair and is wearing a short sleeve light blue shirt and jeans.
He is walking in a grayish shirt and jeans and sneakers.  It looks like there is a bottle in her left hand. 
He is wearing dark shoes, khaki shorts, and a white short sleeved shirt with black writing on the back.
A man facing away wearing a white tshirt, khaki shorts, and sneakers. He appears to have a communication device in his back pocket. 
He is wearing a blue shirt with a black collar. He has a white messenger bag across his shoulders. He is standing next to a child with a green back pack.
The man is wearing a blue short sleeved shirt with black pants. He is carrying a white messenger bag.
The man wearing glasses wears a black and white jacket black pants with black sneakers he carries a black hand bag.
A man wearing a black and white stripe jacket, a pair of black pants, a pair of black shoes and a pair of glasses.
An older man wearing a white shirt, black jacket with red and white stripe on it and black pants, and is also carrying a bag in his right hand.
The grey haired man wears dark framed glasses.  He's wearing a dark jacket that's open in the front and has three thin white stripes.  He has on dark pants and shoes and is carrying a dark  briefcase type bag in one hand.  
The man is wearing dark pants, dark shoes, and a white dress shirt. He also has a beige backpack.
The man has a black backpack on and has brown boat shoes, and is also wearing a tucked in white dress shirt. 
A woman wearing a black shirt, black pants, blue shoes, and carrying a blue purse.
The female has brown hair with bangs swept to the left side and is wearing a black jacket with purple/blue horizontal panel at the bottom, black  pants and blue shoes.
The young girl has on a gray sweater, black pants, and black boots. She is carrying a gray backpack and has a flower decoration in her hair.
This person has a large circle bow in her hair, is wearing a white backpack and appears to be wearing black shorts with black tights and black boots. There is an arm around her
A woman is walking with another person holding her right shoulder. She is carrying a grey bookbag with white details on both her shoulders, a grey sweatshirt, a pair of baggy  black pants, and black boots. She has on a pair of thick rimmed black glasses and has long black hair. 
She is wearing black boots, long tight black pants tucked into the boots, and a grey jacket. She is carrying a grey backpack and is wearing a grey ornament in her hair.
The man is wearing a black jacket, a pair of tan jeans, and a pair of brown and white tennis shoes. He is wearing a black and blue book bag.
The young man is wearing a khaki and red sneakers carrying a black and blue bag pack.
He is wearing a black leather jacket, khaki skinny jeans, red-brown boots and a black and purple messenger bag.
The guy wears a short black jacket, orange shoes with white soles, tan skinny jeans. He has short, dark hair while carrying a purple and black shoulder bag on his back.
The mand is wearing a dark red colored jacket and black pants.  His sneakers are white.
A man walking to the right wearing a red jacket, black pants, and white shoes carrying a black black on his right shoulder. 
The man is wearing glasses and has a red and black plaid hooded sweat shirt on with dark colored pants. 
Man is wearing a red and black plaid coat and dark colored pants. He has on white shoes and is carrying a bag over his right shoulder.
Child with ponytail, wearing grey shirt with logo on back, black short pants, and pink shoes
The little girl is holding on to the stroller. She is wearing sandals. Her hair is pulled back. She is wearing a jacket.
A young lady that is wearing a denim style dress. She has on what appear to be converse shoes. 
The woman has long black hair pulled back, is wearing an orange t-shirt, a blue jumper, and ankle high converse-type sneakers. She is carrying a green plastic bag.
A man wearing a dark black jacket, a pair of dark black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a black jacket with wrinkles, a pair of dark black pants and a pair of black shoes.
This woman wears a black button-up shirt and bright yellow pants. She has a black studded band around her right wrist.
A YOUNG MAN IS RUNNING ON A SIDEWALK WHILE WEARING A DARK COLORED SHIRT AND BRIGHT YELLOW PANTS.
The woman wears a black sleeveless shirt. She wears yellow pants and black shoes. She has a black purse on one shoulder.
The man wears yellow pants. He is wearing black vest with silver trim and plaid shirt.
This man is wearing a red shirt and black shorts.  He has short dark hair.
THEMAN IS WEARING A PINK SHORT SLEEVED SHIRT WITH NAVY BLUE SHORTS AND LIGHT COLORED LOAFERS.
This man is wearing a red polo style shirt with a small dark logo on the breast.  He has black shorts on, and gray sneakers with white laces and soles.
Woman with rolled up black hair wearing long black shirt, black pants, white shoes, and holding two bags, one black and one white.
A woman is wearing black skinny pants and a black shirt. She has on silver sandals and is carrying a medium sized, dark brown purse. 
A woman in a white skirt runs through the airport while carrying her luggage and carrying her purse in front of her.
A woman wearing a pair of white shorts, a pair of white shoes and a light purple shirt.
The girl wears dark colored shorts with a light colored long sleeved top. She has very long hair.
The woman has long black hair. She has a small purse in her hand. Her shirt is white and is torn on the shoulder.
A girl with long hair wearing a white top with blue short shorts with flip flops.
The girl has long dark hair that is 1/2 way down her back.  She is wearing a white shirt with 3/4 length sleeves with openings just below the shoulder.  She is wearing short dark colored shorts and white flip flops.
 A woman wearing a blue shirt with lime green pants and light blue sandals carrying a black purse and pulling a dark brown suitcase 
The woman has long black hair in a ponytail. She has on a bright blue long-sleeved shirt and lime green pants. She's wearing a cross-body bag.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of shoes.
The man is wearing a white collared shirt and dark grey slacks with black tennis shoes and he has black hair.
A woman in a gray dress, a pair of white shoes and a pink purse over her left shoulder.
A woman with brown hair.  Has a pink purse over her left shoulder.  A big green bottle in her right hand.  She has on a blue dress about knee length. She is also wearing white shoes.

A woman with long brown hair is walking with a black bag in her left hand. She is wearing a light blue dress with a pink pocketbook and white shoes.
The woman walking, visible from the side is wearing a white top and light blue shorts and carrying two colored bottles, one against her chest, the other in her hand.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of white shoes.
A boy with glasses wearing a collared white shirt with dark blue denim pants and white sneakers carrying a backpack.
A man wears dark pants, a button down shirt and white sneakers.  He has black, hair, glasses, and a backpack.
The man that is wear glasses is walking while he carries a backpack and is dressed in jeans and a shirt.
A woman with long brown hair is walking and has her right hand to her forehead. She is wearing a pink tanktop, green scarf and loose fitting green pants.
The woman is wearing a sleeveless red shirt and green pants. she is carrying a package with a green strap.
The lady wears a green jacket over a red shirt green pants with white shoes as she walks along the white floor inside a building.
A man wearing a black muscle shirt, a pair of gray shorts, and a pair of black and white shoes.
The woman is wearing a black racerback tank top, gray shorts, and a plastic bag over her shoulder.
The man has short dark hair. He is wearing a grey polo shirt, blue pants, and light-colored shoes. 
Dark skinned male with black short hair.  Wearing a gray collared shirt and long denim pants.  Wearing white and gray shoes carrying a soda in one hand.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray shorts, a pair of brown shoes and a black belt.
A man wearing a white shirt with black writing, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
A man in a blue shirt and white tie is escorting a young boy wearing shorts and carrying a green backpack.
A woman wearing a long sleeve blue shirt, a white shirt, a pair of black pants and  a pair of white shoes.
The man has on a black coat with white stripes down the arm.  He has pants and sneakers.  He wears glasses and is carrying a briefcase.
The man has short, gray hair. He is wearing glasses, a long black coat with white stripes, dark pants, and dark sneakers. He is holding a black bag.
The man is wearing a black and white jacket with dark colored pants and shoes.  He is toting a black bag in his hand.
Gray haired male with glasses carrying black handbag. Wearing black jacket with 3 thin white stripes on sleeves showing in back, and black pants and running shoes.
The man is wearing dark pants and white business collared shirt. He has dark hair and is carrying a light colored backpack. 
Man is wearing a white button down collar shirt with black slacks, black belt and brown loafers. He is carrying a backpack on his back and a small brown bag
This woman has dark brown hair and she's wearing a black sweater, black pants and she's carrying a purple purse over he shoulder.
The woman is carrying a small, purple pocketbook, and is wearing a black, long sleeved top, black pants, and light colored shoes.
She is wearing black boots and black leggings tucked into her boots. She is wearing a light grey jacket and a cream colored ornament in the back of her hair. She is carrying a light grey backpack.
The girl is seen from behind.  She has a black and white hairpiece holding her hair and carries a white backpack.
Woman with glasses and long dark hair wearing a gray sweater, jeans and black boots, gray backpack.
She is wearing a grey long-sleeved fleece, blue jeans and black boots with a fuzzy fabric around the top. She is also carrying a black backpack.
A woman holds a rectangular, white, cage frame in a hand in front of her. She wears a green dress with short sleeve, navy-blue sleeves with hem ending above the knees with white shoes.
A woman wearing a tight green dress with black sleeves and a pair of brown shoes.
The woman is wearing a white/blue top and short black shorts and seems to be wearing white sandals.
This person is wearing a blue tank top and black shorts with silver sandals. She has straight hair and is carrying a small purse over her shoulder and a larger shopping bag with the same hand. Her phone is in her other hand
The girl is wearing a dark blue tank top and black shorts. She has long black hair. 
A woman is walking under an umbrella.  She is carrying a bag over her left shoulder.  She has a blue shirt on and black shorts on.
Male in his thirties is paused by a wall, looking to his right with some side-eye.
This man is wearing a black hat with white lettering, a long-sleeve shirt that is rolled up to his elbows and displays a vivid black and brown pattern. He is also sporting a brown belt and black pants.
A man wearing a black jacket with long sleeves, a pink shirt, a pair of dark colored pants and a pair of black shoes.
I am watching a man walking by, he is wearing all black with a pink dress shirt, and a long coat, carrying a newspaper, and looking around as if he's somewhat lost.
The man is wearing dark trousers and a dark over coat that reaches to his knees. His shoes are dark. He is carrying a several folders or large books under his arm.
This person has back hair, and is wearing a long black jacket, black pants and carrying books.
The man has short, dark hair, and a tan complexion. He is wearing a black suit jacket and a red patterned scarf. He has on grey suit pants and black shoes. He is carrying a brown bag and holding a large, blue book.
A man wearing a white shirt, a red vest, a black jacket and a pair of black pants.
A man with black hair is wearing a blue shirt, grey pants and is carrying a white bag in his right hand and another object in his left hand
He has  short  black hair  and is  wearing a light  blue  shirt  and   light  brown pants .
The man is wearing a blue shirt and olive green pants with white sandals. He is carrying a plastic bag in one hand and cell phone in the other.
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of white shoes on his feet.
This male is wearing a blue short-sleeved t-shirt and gray pants.  He is wearing white athletic shoes and is holding a paper in his hand.
This tall young man is wearing a black athletic type pullover shirt with orange accents at the collar, shoulders, and cuffs along with black pants and white tennis shoes. He wears glasses and appears to have a bag over his shoulder.
Man is wearing black athletic wear with with red collar and red on the sleeves and red showing below the shirt.
Man is wearing a black jacket with red stripes on the sleeves. The jacket has a red band around the waist. He has on black pants and white shoes.
He's an Asian man with short, dark hair and glasses. He's wearing a red-trimmed black jacket over a white T-shirt, white-striped black sweatpants, and white sneakers. He's wearing ear buds and carrying a bag and papers.
The dark haired girl with the white shirt, black skirt, and pink shoes is walking home from school. 
This is a woman with long black hair. She is wearing a white short sleeve shirt. She has on a short black skirt. She is wearing pink shoes. 
The woman with long dark hair is wearing a white shirt and black skirt with pink shoes. She is wearing a bracelet/watch on both of her arms and is carrying a dark object in her right hand. 
A woman with long dark brown hair is wearing a white short sleeve shirt .With a black skirt and pink shoes.She has her hand on her hip.
The man is in a dark sweater and wearing a book bag. He's wearing slim gray pants and two-toned sneakers.
The boy has black hair and tan skin. He is wearing a black hoodie and backpack and has grey pants on.
Guy in black hoodie wearing an enormous back pack that is black with white stripes and light grey colored jeans with multi colored sneakers
Person has dark backpack trimmed in white with light pants and dark hoodie with white trim and has dark trimmed hair.
The person is wearing white shoes, blue shorts and a white short sleeved shirt.  They have short black hair.
The man appears to be doing tricks on a skateboard. He is wearing a white t shirt and denim shorts.
A man has on a grey t shirt and denim shorts.  He also has on white shoes.
She is dark haired, has a short haircut and is dressed in a light tray t-shirt, darker gray cargo shorts and white tennis shoes.
A kid wearing a black t-shirt, a pair of black shorts, a pair of white shoes and a back over his right shoulder.
THE BOY IS WEARING SHORTS, BLUE SHOES, A BLACK SHIRT WITH A LOGO ON IT, AND HAS SOMETHING YELLOW IN HIS HAND.
A boy wearing a black shirt with a picture on it, a pair of black shorts and a pair of blue shoes.
This person has short dark hair, a black shirt and black shorts. He or she is carrying a yellow shopping bag and walking away.
The man with short black hair is wearing a black jacket that has red sleeves, black cropped pants and sandals.
The man wears a red flowered long sleeved shirt under a blue vest blue pants he stands along the wall looking.
A man with short black hair.wearing a long sleeve shirt it dark blue and has red floral print with a black belt and dark blue pants.
The woman wears dark shoes, brown pants, and a short sleeved grey t-shirt. She has very short dark hari.
The person has short hair, a short sleeved shirt, and dark pants.  Their shoes are also dark.
She has  short  black hair  and  is  wearing a  grey shirt  .  She is  also  wearing  black pants  and  shoes .
The woman is wearing a light grey shirt,black pants and black shoes.She also has short dark brown hair.
A woman with black hair in a bun who is wearing a black dress with short sleeves, a black watch, grey shoes and a black purse.
A woman wearing a black dress, a black skirt, a pair of white pantyhose and a pair of gray shoes.
This person is wearing sneakers. She has dark pants and a short sleeve shirt. She has a bag on her left arm and a bag over her right shoulder. She is also holding something in her hand.
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants. He is wearing a backpack and black or grey shoes. 
Female with black hair, wearing a short sleeved printed tee shirt with yellow graphics, capri pants and platform shoes carrying a shoulder bag slung over her body.
the man has short hair, he is wearing a tan muscle tank and dark khaki cargo shorts with clogs and a bag over his shoulder.
A man steps forward while he wears a light-green, sleeveless shirt with round neckline over gray shorts ending above his knees with black shoes. 
A man wearing a green tank top, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of black shoes and glasses.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of black shorts and  pair of blue and white shoes.
A man with short cut dark hair is wearing long black shorts, black shirt and a dark grey back pack on his back.
This man is wearing a green shirt, blue shorts and black shoes. He is also wearing a cap and a watch. 
A man wearing a green shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman holds a cream-colored tote bag at her elbow while she is dressed in a salmon-colored dress with a round neckline, fitted bodice and draped skirt. She is wearing black eyeglass frames and holding a person's hand.
A woman wearing a pink dress, a pair of white and black shoes and a white bag on her left forearms.
A man, wearing glasses, a T-shirt and pants, is walking, carrying a bag on his shoulder and pulling a rolling suitcase.
The man has close cut hair, glasses, a grey shirt, a laptop bag, and dark pants with tan shoes. He is pulling a rolling suitcase behind him.
The man has a black carry on luggage strapped on his shoulder. He is wearing a grey shirt and long black pants with tan shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of white and black shoes.
The woman is wearing dark colored shorts, and a green and black shirt.  She is holding an object in her right hand.
The woman is wearing a green dress with black sleeves and sandals. She has a red purse and is carrying black, rectangular case.
The woman is walking and has long dark brown hair and is wearing a blue shirt with black short on and is wearing sandals. 
The girl is wearing a tank top that is blue with white straps. She is wearing dark-colored shorts and light-colored sandals. She is carrying a bag in her left hand.
A woman wearing a blue tank top, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
This woman is wearing a navy blue tank top and black shorts. Had on flip flops and is carrying a gold purse.
A man wearing a long sleeve camo print shirt, a black hat with white writing and a pair of black pants.
Man with a baseball cap wearing a patterned maroon shirt, brown belt, navy pants. He is holding a black stick.
This is a young adult male with short black hair wearing glasses black shoes black trousers a long black overcoat a light lilac colored shirt underneath and carrying an umbrella and newspaper in his left arm
A man is carrying a large white newspaper and is wearing a large black jacket and pants.
The man is wearing a long black coat, black dress paints, and a pair of black shoes. He is wearing a pair of glasses and is carrying a notebook. 
The man wears a long black dress coat and black pants with black shoes he caries a white book and papers in his hands.
A man wearing a black suit jacket, a pair of gray pants and a red neck tie.
He has  short  black hair   and is wearing a sports  coat .He is also  carrying   a leather  bag  and is   wearing  black pants .
He has  short  black  hair  that is  neatly cut .  He is  also wearing  a  bright  blue  shirt  .
The man is wearing Gray pants with a blue t-shirt with a decal on the front. He is carrying a bag and wearing a watch.
A man with short black hair is walking with a black object in one hand and a bag in the other hand. He is wearing a blue t-shirt with tan pants and white flip flop shoes.
The man with dark hair is wearing a blue shirt, grey pants and white slippers.He is also carrying a white bag and a cellphone.
The man is wearing a light blue shirt and grey pants. He is carrying a plastic bag in his hand. 
A kid walking and listening to music has on a grey and orange track jacket, and a pair of black jeans. 
The man has on black pants with a black and red shirt. He has headphones around his neck. 
A young man wearing a red and black jacket, black sweatpants, and white sneakers. He is wearing white headphones.
A woman wearing glasses, a red and black jacket, a pair of black pants with white lines and a pair of white shoes.
This woman is wearing a white short sleeved shirt, a black skirt, and pink colored shoes.
The woman is wearing a white t-shirt, black skirt, and pink shoes.  She has shoulder length dark hair.
A woman in a bright white shirt, a pair of pink shoes and a short black skirt.
A woman in a white shirt, a pair of pink shoes and a short black skirt.
A man in grey pants and white and black sneakers has a black jacket and a black backpack with grey piping on his back.
This man is wearing grey skinny jeans and a black hooded sweatshirt. He has short black hair with bangs. He is carrying a black backpack with white trim on his back and is wearing a pair of white sneakers with black accents. He is looking forward and is standing with his right foot forward.
The man is wearing a black backpack, dark blue sweater, and jeans. He wears white and black shoes.
He is wearing grey pants, a dark long sleeved sweater, and a light collared shirt underneath. He is carrying a black backpack on two shoulders.
There is a man with a white short and jean shorts. He has on white shoes and a black helmet. He is on a bike.
The subject has short dark hair and glasses.  He or she is wearing a light printed t-shirt and grey shorts. 
The male in blue jean shorts and white tee shirt is pushing his bicycle down the road.
Light skinned, dark haired male wearing a light colored, short sleeve shirt, denim colored shorts, and white sneakers. 
The person is wearing black shorts and a black t-shirt. They are looking to their left.
The little boy wears a black and white t-shirt and black shorts with blue sneakers he carries a yellow bag walking in front of the man.
The child is wearing a black shirt with a white design and black shorts, with gray sneakers with blue laces. He is looking up and holding something yellow.
This person is wearing a long black short sleeve shirt. The person has short black hair. The person is holding something in their right hand.
The man is wearing a red button down shirt with a blue vest. He is also wearing black slacks, black belt and penny loafers. 
A man wearing a blue vest, a pair of blue jeans and a red and pink floral print shirt.
This young man has short black hair and is wearing a blue jacket with red print sleeves and denim pants.
Woman with short hair wearing a light colored shirt, brown pants and dark, plain shoes.
A woman with short black hair is wearing a grey shirt with a collared shirt underneath black pants and dark shoes.
The woman is walking while wearing long black pants and a light colored shirt as well as dark leather shoes
The lady wears a grey shirt black pants with black short boots she walks along the sidewalk past the red, yellow,and white wall.
She  has  short  black  hair  and  is    wearing  a  solid  black dress  and  white  tennis shoes . She is  also wearing a  watch on one  wrist  .
The woman is wearing a black pea coat.  She has on black shoes without socks.  She has black hair.
The woman wears a gray t-shirt, dark pants, and sneakers. She carries two bags, one of which has a floral print.
A woman waring a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of shoes.
A woman has a gray shoulder bag over her right hip while she is dressed in a blue, short-sleeve top with white stars, yellow center and light geometric pattern. She is wearing muted-gray patterned pants with horizontal striped white-and-orange socks and brown shoes.
A man carries a large black-and-tan bag behind his left hip with the strap crossing his right shoulder. He wears a sleeveless gray shirt over wide-legged khaki shorts and black sandals.
The man has short cut hair. He is wearing a light green sleeveless shirt, grey shorts and shoes without socks.
The person is wearing dark green shorts with a lighter green sleeveless tshirt. Carrying a messenger bag and has black crocs on. 
He is wearing blue tennis shoes, glasses, black ankle socks, black shorts, and a short sleeved black shirt.
The man is wearing a black short sleeve shirt, black long shorts, black socks, and blue shoes with white soles.  A black backpack is slung over the shoulders.  The left arm is bent at the elbow, and the man is looking to his right at a man standing next to him dressed in black.
The woman has long, dark, straight hair.  She is wearing a gray shirt, blue jean shorts, and black New Balance sneakers.  She is carrying a blue bag, wears glasses, and has a watch on her left wrist.
The man is walking in a store holding a white shopping bag and a black umbrella. He is wearing a black baseball cap, a green shirt, gray and black sneakers, and jean shorts.
Holding a purse and standing in a line, an Asian woman wearing glasses, is wearing a pretty pink dress and sneakers.
The woman is wearing a short pink dress. She is carrying a white cloth shopping bag with black lettering and is holding a red wallet. She is pointing with her right arm.
The man is wearing a grey tshirt, dark pants and sneakers. He is wearing glasses and has a rolling suitcase.
This man is wearing a gray shortsleeved t-shirt with black pants.  He has on glasses and is carrying a black bag and rolling a black suitcase.
He is wearing grey shoes, black pants, glasses, and a grey shirt with short sleeves.
This man has short black hair and he's wearing a short sleeved shirt and dark khaki colored shorts.
A man in dark colored shorts, white socks, multi colored athletic shoes and a black t-shirt walks along a concrete path outdoors.
The man holding the grey sweater. He has a black shirt and black pants on.
This man is wearing eyeglasses and has a light weight white jacket draped over one arm.
Man with black short hair wearing black and holding a grey sweatshirt in his right hand
The man is wearing glasses, a dark, collared shirt, black pants, and black shoes. He is carrying a grey jacket over his right arm and his left hand is touching his chin.
A lady with long dark hair and appears to be talking with her hands. She is wearing black sneakers, black pants, and a white and black t-shirt. 
The individual has a black and white multi colored short sleeve shirt paired with dark pants and dark sneakers. The left hand is near the face holding a long, white, cylindrical object. 
A woman wearing a black and white shirt, a pair of black pants and a watch on her left wrist.
The man is wearing a long  dark grey shirt with some long black jean pants.
The man is facing away. He is wearing a long-sleeve, grey shirt and black pants. He has short hair.
The woman has long dark hair and has a black strap over her right shoulder.  She is wearing a light blue sleeveless shirt, white shorts and white shoes. 
The woman is wearing a light blue short sleeve shirt and shorts.  She has on white shoes and is carrying a burgundy backpack.
She has  shoulder length  black hair   and is  wearing  a blue  top   with  white  short pants   .She is  also  wearing   white  tennis  shoes .
The woman with long black hair has a light blue shirt, shorts and white shoes while hold her hand up to her face.
The man is wearing black pants and a dark colored shirt. He has short, dark hair and sunglasses.  His shoes are white with blue stripes.
Thjs person has short dark hair. Wearing a black shirt with dark pants and white shoes
The man is wearing a dark short sleeves shirt with his back pack hanging on his right shoulder. He is also wearing a dark pair of jeans and black gym shoes.
The man wears a blue and white stripped shirt black pants with black and white sneakers he carries a black back pack.
A young man wearing glasses and casually dressed in red shorts, an oversized black tee and flip flops, walks away from the viewer.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of red shorts and a pair of sandals.
The boy is wearing a black tshirt with white writing, red shorts, sandals and eyeglasses.
A heavy set man is wearing a dark three piece suit with a pink shirt and burgundy tie.
A man wearing a white shirt, a brown tie, a black jacket and a pair of brown pants and black shoes.
The lady wears a white wedding dress and white vail as she stands in the front of the beige building looking.
This woman is wearing a long lacy white dress with a train and a lacy white veil.
A woman wearing a large white fluffy dress with a very long train and a low-cut back.
A woman walking away has on a long sleeve white shirt and blue shorts is near another walking woman
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans, a white sweater and a pair of brown shoes.
She is wearing dark shoes, dark pants that go down to the mid-calf, and a light shirt with a design on the chest and a rounded neck.
The woman has on a white short sleeve and black capri pants. she is carrying one bag on her shoulder and another bag on her other hand.
The man is wearing a dark coat and tan pants. He is also wearing a dark hat and scarf with dark shoes. 
The man has short dark hair. He is wearing a dark shirt and a dark scarf around his neck.He also has on a pair of khaki pants. 
The lady wears a brown shirt white pants with white sneakers as she walks along to cross the street.
The man is wearing a white shirt with a logo, white pants, a brown jacked, black socks, and white tennis shoes. He has glasses on his face.
The man is wearing a dark gray shirt with long sleeves. He is wearing dark pants and white athletic shoes. He is wearing glasses, and is carrying a jacket in his right hand.
The man is walking while carrying a jacket. He is wearing a green sweater and brown pants with white shoes. His hair is short and dark. 
Man has on brown pants and a gray sweatshirt with writing on it. He has on white shoes and is carrying a bag over his shoulder. He is carrying a jacket on his arm. 
A black haired man in a gray sweatshirt wears white tennis shoes and carries a gray bundle.
He looks slight. He looks elderly. Black jacket, black shoes, blue pants, red shirt, white undershirt. Carrying some sort of bag.
He has dark slacks on and a dark jacket, and he is wearing glasses and also carrying a case.
This man is carrying a black bag in his right hand. He is wearing glasses. He has a black jacket on over a red shirt and a white shirt. 
This man wears glasses, has short, graying hair, is holding a briefcase in his right hand, and is wearing a dark jacket and dark pants.
The woman has a white lacy jacket over a black dress with a slit up the back. Her shoes are granny wedges. 
She is wearing black sandals, a long black skirt, and an ivory lace blouse with long flowing sleeves.
A man with an open blue denim jacket and pants is walking and has hands in front pants pockets.
The young man has blond hair. He is wearing a long-sleeved jacket and jeans that are ripped on the front.
The man is wearing a white short sleeve shirt over black pants and black shoes.
He has  a  shiny head  and  is  mainly  bald  .  He is  wearing a  white  shirt  and  black pants .
A man wearing a white button up shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
This woman is wearing a white shirt with a pink and red floral pattern and loose fitting black pants. She has short, dark hair. She is carrying a pink and red print purse. 
A woman carries a printed, purple bag over her right shoulder while carrying a blue bag in front of her. She wears a white blouse printed with purple flowers, black pants and black shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt with writing on it, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
This thin man is wearing a white t shirt with something printed on the front, black pants and white shoes.
A women with short hair looking down to her phone while walking. She is also wearing two purses one is green and the other one is black and gray
She is wearing black shoes, loose dark pants, and a light brown sweater. She is carrying several bags.
The lady was walking with a brown coat on and black jeans with a big pocket book on
The man is wearing a pink short sleeve shirt and blue shorts. He has on a brown satchel.
A white male with a dark pink shirt, dark blue shorts, black socks, and black and white shoes
A man wears a white t-shirt tucked out over long black pants and white running shoes while carrying an oblong bag of multiple rainbow colors with a black strap.
He  has  short  black  hair  and is  wearing  glasses  . He  is  also  carrying a  very colorful bag .
The individual appears to be male with short dark hair, wearing a white tee-shirt, black pants, and white tennis shoes; there is a multi-colored bag over the right shoulder, and a shopping bag carried in the left hand. 
A person wears eyeglasses and carries a printed, multi-colored blue and purple, sectioned bag with black strap over the right shoulder. He wears a white t-shirt with slim black pants and white shoes.
The woman has long, loose hair, and is carrying a purple bag. She has a striped top, dark tight pants, and white sandals. 
She is wearing white shoes, long dark pants, and a long black and white striped top with short sleeves. She is carrying a bag over her left shoulder.
A man dressed in a short sleeve dark shirt, green shorts, and sneakers is walking away.
A man wearing a dark colored long sleeve shirt with black pants and black shoes carrying a light colored shirt on his right arm.
This man has on a dark colored long sleeve shirt with dark colored long pants and black shoes. He is carrying a white jacket over his right forearm. 
A guy with short black hair is wearing a black, collared shirt, black pants, black shoes. He is carrying a grey article of clothing in his right hand. 
He is  wearing glasses  and  is  wearing all black  and is  carrying  a white  jacket  folded over  one arm  .
Female, dark straight hair with bangs. Short sleeved shirt with dark and white pattern. Watch or bracelet on left wrist. Dark pants and dark sneakers.
The woman is wearing a printed black and white short-sleeved top.  Her pants are blue jeans.  Her tennis shoes are dark.
She has  shoulder length black hair  . She is  wearing  jet  black pants   and a  black and white  shirt  .
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
I see a man walking away from me he is wearing black pants and a grey shirt which he has tucked in. His hair is short and trimmed.
The woman is wearing a blue sleeveless shirt over white shorts.  She is wearing white shoes.
A woman wearing a very short blue skirt, a pair of white shoes and a red back pack.
The woman has a baby blue shirt on, white shorts, and white shoes. She also has long black hair.
A woman wearing a light blue blouse, a pair of white shorts and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing a black t-shirt with dark blue jeans cuffed over white tennis shoes.
A man is walking and is wearing a black shirt with a red screen print on the back, black pants and shoes.
The man with black hair has his hand in his pocket while walking in his black shoes and slacks. 
The man is walking carrying a black backpack. He is wearing tennis shoes, black pants and a blue striped shirt.
A man in sandals walking down a line painted on the concrete while looking straight ahead. 
A man walking in the opposite direction wearing a black short sleeved shirt, red shorts, and black flip flops. 
Adolescent boy wearing black graphic style t-shirt, red knee length shorts and black cross top sandals.Buzz length black hair and glasses. 
A man wearing a black suit jacket, a pair of black pants and a pink shirt with dark red neck tie.
The man wears a black suit jacket over a shirt and tie with black long pants and black dress shoes. He has a white large envelope in his hand.
The woman is wearing a white wedding dress with brown hair pulled back into a long white veil. The dress is cinched with a white ribbon belt. 
A woman wearing a bright flowing, lacy white wedding dress and a white veil on her head.
A lady with long dark hair is walking up stairs in a white sleeveless wedding dress.
She has  her long  black hair  in  a  pony  tail  . She is also  wearing   a  white  shirt  and  denim short pants  .
The young woman is wearing tight denim shorts and a black top covered by a light colored shirt
A woman wearing a white shirt with a picture on it, a pair of jeans and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a white t-shirt, with the drawing of a rose on front, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of black shoes.
This person is wearing a black beanie and dark grey scarf, black pea coat and kakis.  
the man wearing the black hat wears a grey jacket beige pants as he stands along the street.
A woman wearing a gray jacket, a pair of white pants, a pair of black socks and a pair of gray shoes.
ASIAN DECENT MALE WITH METAL FRAME GLASSES BLACK HAIR BOWL CUT WEARING BASEBALL OUTFIT WHITE WITH BLACK OR NAVY LETTERING AND KNEE HIGH SOCKS.  WHITE SNEAKERS WEARING BROWN JACKET 
Man with gray shirt, carrying a jacket. He is wearing white sneakers and appears to be wearing glasses. 
A young Asian man is wearing glasses and has on brown cargo pants and a gray sweater with brown and blue stripes on the front.
This man is wearing rust colored sweat pants, sneakers and a long sleeved brown shirt.  He has a black messenger bag over his right shoulder and his jacket in his right hand.
The man wears a gray sweater with a lighter gray stripe down the arm.  He is carrying a coat.  He is wearing black jeans and white tennis shoes
The man has gray hair, it is cut low. He is wearing glasses. He has on a dark gray jacket, a red shirt with a white collar, blue jeans, and black shoes. He is also carrying a black bag.
A man wearing a pair of glasses, a black jacket, a pair of gray pants and a pair of dark colored shoes.
Observe the man with the dark jacket.  He has a red and white collared shirt underneath, and has dark pants on.  He is also carrying a bag in one hand. 
He is wearing glasses and has a black briefcase in his right hand. He is wearing a black jacket and jeans. 
The woman is wearing a white, lacey top, a black skirt, and black sandals. 
The person is wearing a long black skirt, white shirt with patterns and open-toed black heeled shoes. The person has long hair and is walking to the left of the camera.
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of blue jeans, a blue jean jacket and a pair of white shoes.
The young boy has shaggy hair. He has on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. 
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The older man is walking and wears a pair of dark slacks and a white shirts with short sleeves
The man wears a white shirt black pants with black shoes as he walks along the sidewalk near the grassed lawn.
The woman is wearing a white shirt with a multicolored design, and black pants. She is also carrying a red and white purse.
Light skinned woman, short hair wearing heels and carrying a pink purse and pink shirt.  Black pants.
This person is wearing white athletic shoes, navy blue pants of some kind and a white t-shirt with black lettering on it.
A man wearing a white shirt with black writing, a pair of gray pants and a pair of white shoes.
The woman has short black hair, is wearing a blue shirt, Tan jacket, black slacks, black sandals, and is carrying a black and silver sequined bag and a green book bag. 
This elderly woman is wearing a tan jacket, gray pants, and black flat shoes that show the top of her feet.
Older Asian female with a tan long sleeved shirt with a textured bottom over long grey slacks and flat brown shoes. She is carrying a large black back on her shoulder.
THE BALD MAN IS WEARING A PINK SHIRT, HAS A SATCHEL, BLUE SHORTS, AND BLACK SHOES.
Man is wearing a bright pink short sleeve shirt with dark blue shorts.  He is wearing gray/black sneakers with black socks.
The man has short black hair.  He is wearing a light shirt with black pants and white shoes.  He has a multicolored bag over his right shoulder. 
The woman is tall, fair skinned, with glasses. She wears large white shirt, black pants, and white shoes. She has blue backpack over one shoulder.
A person with short black hair is wearing a white shirt and black pants with white and blue shoes.Carrying a blue and pink handbag.
He has  short  black hair  and is  wearing  glasses . He is  carrying a  very  colorful bag .
She is wearing white sandals, black pants, and a long black and white striped short sleeved shirt.
The lady is wearing a short-sleeved black and white striped dress or long shirt, black pants, and white sandals.  Her right arm is at her side, and she is carrying a purple bag strapped over her left shoulder.  Her left hand is holding onto the strap of the bag.
the woman is wearing a long shirt/dress that is black and white striped with dark pants and sandals. She has a purse over her shoulder.
A woman in a black jacket, a pair of black pants and a pair of dark brown shoes.
she is carrying white objects on her back. she is wearing an all black outfit. she is wearing a black skirt and black cardigan. 
The woman is carrying a large brown bag or folded table, and a large blue and white bag on one shoulder.  She is wearing a black sweater jacket over a white blouse and dark skirt, with chunky black shoes.
A woman is seen walking forward wearing dark pants, a light shirt, and  a dark jacket. She has dark hair.
The boy is wearing a yellow t-shirt with a star and writing on the front. He has on green knee length shorts.
The boy wears a yellow shirt with a star graphic in front. He wears green shorts and white shoes.
She  has long black  hair  and  is  wearing it in a pony tail . She is  also  wearing  a light colored shirt .
The black haired woman with glasses on also has black pants and high heeled shoes. 
This woman has long dark hair pulled back in a ponytail. She is wearing a sleeveless white shirt, dark pants, and silver shoes.
A man with dark hair is wearing a light pink shirt and tan pants. He is wearing a bag across his chest and is pulling a cart on wheels.
The female is facing with her back and is wearing a tan shirt with a black purse across her body. 
The man is wearing a dark colored shirt white sneakers dark jeans and is carrying a book bag both his arm at down near his sides
A man with short black hair is wearing a grey t-shirt, black pants and a black backpack.
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
A man wearing glasses has his right arm swinging in front and his left arm swinging toward the back while his left leg is bent and lifted behind him, and he carries a curved black backpack on his back. The man is dressed in a black, short-sleeve shirt, with black pants and white shoes with gray trim.
The man is wearing glasses and a red zip front jacket.  He is dressed in casual dark pants and sneakers.
Man is wearing glasses and a dark red pullover sweater.  He is wearing trousers and sandals.
The man is wearing glasses and wearing a red shirt while wearing dark grey pants
The man has dark colored hair and is wearing jeans and a red jacket with the sleeves pushed up the forearm. 
The woman wears black glasses, a red dress, and a black coat. She wears black pants and black shoes.
A woman wearing a tight fitting red dress, a black belt around her waist and a pair of black pants and brown shoes.
MALE WEARING DARK FEDORA HAT AND BLACK SUIT WITH WHITE SHIRT AND GRAYISH TIE. BLACK SHOES. CARRYING POSSIBLE OVERCOAT.AND POSSIBLY SMALLER BAGS.
The man is wearing black dress pants, a white dress shirt with a tie covered with a black blazer.  He has on a black hat and is carrying a portfolio in his left hand.
The dark haired man is walking away from the camera, has glasses, is carrying a backpack by one strap, is wearing a light colored polo style collared short sleeved shirt, dark trousers and sneakers.
He is  wearing   a  black  cap   and a  white  shirt  .  He is  also  carrying a   black  bag .
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a black bag on his right shoulder.
A young man with short brown hair is standing with his legs bent. He is wearing a red and blue shirt with a blue vest over it and blue shorts.
A man walking forward wearing a dark colored jacket, black pants, and black shoes carrying long sticks in each hand. 
Asian female with long dark hair wearing a yellow dress, tan yoga pants, and matching shoes. She also carrying a half circle purse.
This woman is mid-stride with her right leg in the forward walking motion, knee bent, and her left arm by her side. She is wearing a short yellow dress with cap sleeves and a darker print; it is several inches above her knee. Her hair is very dark and falls just below her shoulders, and on her feet she is wearing pale, neutral colored shoes.
The person has a long black pony tail she appears to have the stance of a woman she wears a yellow dress with low white shoes and carries a burgundy and beige purse.
A woman in a yellow dress with picture son it, a pair of white shoes and a black bag on her right shoulder.
She  is  walking  under a  umbrella .  She has  long  black hair  and  is  wearing a  white  shirt  .
A young woman walks in the rain with an umbrella she is wearing a white t-shirt and shorts she is carrying a purse and wearing white shoes.
A woman wearing a white shirt with a black logo, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
A woman holds a white package in her hand and steps forward. She is wearing a partially buttoned, black cardigan with white edging at the neckline, shoulders, pockets and front, a buttoned white blouse with curved and pointed collar and vertical pleating, gray pants and black-and-white shoes.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
This young woman is looking down and she has her hair tied into a bun and she's wearing a black sweater over a black and white striped blouse and black pants.
A woman wearing a black jacket over a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
A woman wearing a pink shirt, a pair of short brown shorts and a pair of white shoes with white socks.
A woman wearing a red shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes.
the woman is wearing a striped dress she is carrying a white backpack and a blue umbrella
The woman is wearing a blue and white striped dress.  She has a white bag and a teal umbrella.
The woman is wearing a light green shirt, black pants, and white tennis shoes.  She's wearing a watch on her left wrist and a black backpack on both shoulders.  She is reading something as she's walking. 
The lady is wearing a black backpack with white t shirt with pictures on it. She is also wearing black jeans and white shoes while reading a paper.
She has short  black hair and  is  wearing  a light  grey shirt  .She is  also wearing black pants .
The woman is walking while reading from a paper while carrying a backpack and wearing black slacks and a light top with short sleeves
The man has short, dark hair with a bit of grey in it.  He is wearing glasses, a white & grey polo shirt, and carrying a black bag.
The woman wears dark colored pants, a striped shirt, and light colored shoes. Across her body she carries a black bag.
The man is walking next to somebody.He is wearing a purple shirt,dark green pants and dark brown shoes.
A boy wearing a dark t-shirt and dark jeans walks with a smile with a backpack over his shoulders.
The man wears black and white sneakers, dark long pants, and a short sleeved purple t-shirt. He wears a black backpack.
This man has short black hair and he's looking down and wearing a purple t shirt and black pants.
A man wearing an orange button up shirt, a pair of white pants, an orange belt and a pair of black shoes.
This person is wearing a see through peach button up shirt with white pants and has his arms spread out as if he were dancing
The man, who is light skinned, is wearing swimming trunks.  He is has short hair, and he is shirtless.
A man wearing a pink shirt, a pair of white pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a flesh colored shirt with buttons, a pair of white pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man with black hair is wearing a see through orange sheer long sleeved button down shirt and white pants. He is holding an open red umbrella. 
The man has medium black hair, short sleeved gray shirt, with gray shorts, and he is wearing glasses.
A man with short straight black hair is wearing a short sleeved grey t-shirt and a pair of grey bottoms.
Man is wearing brown shorts, white sneakers with strips on the side, and a short sleeve tan or gray t shirt - he is also wearing glasses. 
Out of focus if a man wearing red jack with rolled up sleeves and purple shorts and blue sneakers.  
The lady is wearing blue jeans, black and white horizontal striped shirt and white slippers. She has long straight black hair and is carrying a purple bag on her left shoulder. 
This person is visible from behind, they are wearing a black jacket, black capris and black shoes. They have a white and blue bag behind their back. 
The woman is visible from the back. She has on a black hooded jacket with the hood up, a black skirt and dark shoes. She has a large white object with a blue stripe on her back and a brown, rectangular object in her left hand. 
A woman in a black jacket, a pair or black shoes and a pair of black bracelets.
Too blurry to describe but it looks like a white female wearing a black jacket (open) with a white top and dark colored skirt or dark capri pants and black shoes.
The boy is wearing a yellow shirt. He has on long bright green shorts. 
The young boy is wearing a yellow t-shirt with a star on it, green shorts, sneakers, and has one hand on his head while he climbs stairs.
The woman has long black hair pulled up in a ponytail. She has on a light green sleeveless blouse with black pants and green dress shoes with a low heel. She is carrying a peach colored purse.
The woman wears a sleeveless light green top and dark blue jeans. She has a beige shirt on one arm and gray shoes.
Woman is wearing a light green sleeveless shirt matching light green flat shoes and dark skinny jeans, hair is in a pony tail.
A short haired woman wearing slacks and a cross body bag is pulling a red luggage bag on wheels while walking down a brick street.
The man has on a white shirt, and a bag slung over his left shoulder. He has shaggy, dark hair.
This man is wearing black short sleeved shirt, black pants, and white/grey shoes.  He is also carrying a black book bag on his back.
A male with short hair wearing a dark tee shirt with dark pants carrying a black backpack.
A young man with short dark hair is walking. He is wearing a purple short sleeved shirt and dark pants with white shoes. 
He has  short  black hair  and  is wearing  glasses  . He is  also  carrying a  back pack .
The black haired slightly tanned man is walking.   He wears a red sweater,  grey pants. 
The man has short black hair and wears glasses. He is wearing a red shirt and dark pants.
Man is wearing a long sleeved red shirt pulled up to his elbows. He has on gray pants and is wearing glasses.
The man walks while wearing a red shirt, dark pants and black shoes.  The man also is wearing eyeglasses.
A woman wearing a red dress, a pair of black leggings, a pair of black shoes, a black jacket and a pair of glasses.
This woman has shoulder length brown hair, wearing a red dress, black belt, with a black & brown fur big jacket, she has on black leggings and brown boots.
A man wearing a white shirt, a gray neck tie, a black jacket and a pair of black pants, black shoes and a brown hat.
whtie male, black bowler hat, black suit jacket, white collared shirt, black tie, black suit pants, carrying small black briefcase
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man has on black work out pants with a short sleeve white polo type shirt.  He has on white tennis shoes and is carrying a black nike backpack.
A man with black hair is wearing a collared white shirt, dark colored pants and has a black bag.
This man has short brown hair, blue and patterned shirt long sleeve, dark pants and shoes with a belt .
The man is wearing a black vest and black pants. He is also wearing black sandals. 
The woman is wearing a summery short yellow dress with some black prints and some tan flats.She is also carrying a burgundy/tan shoulder purse
The woman is wearing a short light green dress with short arms. Her hair is long and dark.
The person is wearing a yellow printed romper and carrying a red purse with yellow accent details. Her shoes are beige sandals.
This girl is wearing a short yellow dress, a backpack or purse, light colored shoes, and has dark hair. 
A woman wearing a white shirt with black specks, a pair of white shoes and a pair of dark black shorts.
WOMAN IS HOLD AN UMBRELLA WITH HER LEFT HAND.  SHE HAS A HANDBAG OVER HER RIGHT SHOULDER.  SHE HAS ON A WHITE SHORT SLEEVE TOP AND BLACK SHORTS.  SHE HAS ON WHITE SNEAKERS.
A young woman is walking in the rain, wearing a white t-shirt with a black design and black shorts, while carrying a handbag and umbrella.
Woman wearing a white blouse with blue jeans and a black sweater. She is also carrying a plastic grocery bag and carries a back pack. The backpack is strapped to her shoulder.
The woman is wearing a black shirt with a scarf has on a pair of jeans and is carrying a plastic bag in her left hand
Female with dark hair is wearing a dark cardigan with a white striped shirt under.  She is wearing dark jeans and white shoes with straps.  She appears to be carrying a bag.
This woman has long black hair that's tied into a pony tail and she's wearing a black jacket, a white scarf, black pants and she's carrying a backpack on her back and a white bag in her hand.
This female is wearing a bright pink shirt with a sweater or scarf of a darker pink/red.  Her pants are a tan and shoes appear to be black.
The woman is wearing a pink t-shirt with black shorts and a black pack with black and white tennis shoes.
ASIAN FEMALE WITH LONG DARK HAIR WEARING A CHECKERED PRINT MINI DRESS AND WHITE SHOES CARRYING A GREEN COLORED UMBRELLA AND SHOULDER BAG PULLED BEHIND HER BACK
A woman wearing a blue sleeveless dress, a pair of white pantyhose and a pair of shoes.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray and white shoes.
A woman wearing a blue shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing white sneakers with black markings, black pants, a green shirt and a black backpack.
A woman wearing a light blue shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing a white and gray striped shirt. He has a black bag over one shoulder and is wearing glasses.
LADY IS FAST WALKING WITH WHITE SHOES. SHE HOLDS A BLACK SHOULDER BAG IN HER LEFT. SHE WEARS A STRIPPED T SHIRT AND A BLACK PANT
The dark haired man is wearing a purple shirt, dark denim trousers, dark colored high topped sneakers and is carrying what appears to be a backpack or something with similar straps.
The man is wearing a grey shirt with blue jeans. He has dark hair and tan skin.
The man is wearing jeans, a purple short sleeved shirt and has a black backpack on his back.  He has black hair.
The man is walking with his head looking down. The man has on a maroon or dark purple t-shirt and long pants. The man is wearing tennis shoes or sneakers.
Man with short black hair is wearing a orange long sleeve shirt and a pair of white pants.
Man wearing an orange long sleeve shirt and a pair of blue jeans is dancing in place.
The man is wearing an orange top.  His pants are white.  His hair is short.  He is standing near some pink and blue items.
The man is wearing black shoes, white pants and a peach shirt.  He is embracing a woman.
The man has on an orange button up shirt, white pants, and brown shoes. He is carrying a pink umbrella. 
A man wearing an orange button up shirt, a pair of white pants and a pink umbrella in his right hand.
A man with black hair, wearing a grey t-shirt, and grey cargo pants, is standing an looking at something. 
A man wearing a gray shirt with a logo on the back and a pair of gray pants.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
This man has on a red short sleeved shirt on with a design. He also has on gray shorts and tennis shoes.
This man is wearing a red shirt with a black number two on the sleeve.  He has a red backpack on his back.
A man wearing a red shirt, a pair of purple shorts and a pair of blue shoes.
He  has  short  black hair  and is wearing a loose  white  shirt  . He  is  also  wearing  black  pants   and  sandals  .
A man wearing a button up white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
A young Latino girl who is about eight to ten years old wearing a pink shirt, green sweater and denim shorts and white shoes.
A young girl with her hair in a side ponytail wears a jacket and jean skirt or dress.
The girl is wearing a light colored shirt with small designs. She has blue shorts and is wearing white shoes. She has a bracelet on her right arm and has dark hair tied in a ponytail.
Young girl approximately ten years old with a short dark ponytail, with a white and grey or tan long sleeved shirt and a blue flared mini skirt and white shoes, possibly asian descent. 
the woman has long dark hair and is wearing a colorful stripey top and black and white print skirt with sandles. She is rummaging through her purse.
A woman is wearing a long shirt with short sleeves and vertical stripes in pastel pink, blue and yellow over a black-and-white skirt with a small geometric pattern with wedge-heel brown shoes while carrying a beige shoulder bag on her right side with a long brown strap.
The lady wears a pink,blue,and yellow shirt black and white shorts with brown sandals she carries a beige shoulder bag.
The lady is wearing a multi-colored shirt with a black and white skirt..  She is holding a brown purse.
A woman with re hair wears black outfit. She has a white badge hanging from a black lanyard. She carry a green bag on her left hand. 
A person in a black shirt, a pair of light black shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
He has  light  blonde hair  that is  cut short  and is wearing a  all black outfit . He  is also  wearing  black shoes .
The woman is wearing a black shirt with a white color and white design.  She is also wearing black shoes and black pants.
A young woman with brown hair is wearing a dark green sweatshirt, blue pants and tan boots.
A woman walks in profile with head jutting forward. Her left leg is  bent in front of slightly bent right leg. She carries a large, black tote bag on her right side with right elbow bent and hand at chest level. She wears a gray jacket, over navy-blue pants and flat, short tan boots with cream-colored fur over the top edge.
A man with black hair and sunglasses wearing a white and multi-colored print short sleeved shirt with dark pants, beige shoes and carrying a handbag. 
He is  wearing  a light  grey shirt   and  dark blue jeans  with  red  tennis  shoes  . He  is  also carrying  a large  black   bag over one  shoulder .
This man is wearing a grey t-shirt and jeans that have a rolled cuff. He has white and pink shoes.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of dark tinted sunglasses.
A man wearing a gray t-shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown shoes.
The woman is wearing a short white dress with a collar and is holding a glass of red wine. She has long loose black hair. 
The girl has long hair. She is wearing a light colored short dress that falls above her knees. It is sleeveless. She has long dark hair below her shoulders. She is holding a glass.
A woman wearing a white, see through, short dress and a pair of white pantyhose.
A young woman with shoulder length dark hair wearing a white dress and holding a wine glass.
She  has long  black hair  in    pony tail .She is  also  wearing  solid  black short pants  .
A BRUNETTE WOMAN WITH A PONYTAIL IS WEARING BLACK SHORTS AND A GRAY SHIRT AND IS WALKING.
The man is looking at his phone and is wearing a white shirt,brown pants and brown shoes.He is also carrying a black backpack and a black jaclet
The man is wearing a white, short sleeved shirt that has a collar, a red backpack that has black straps, dark colored pants, and black shoes.
A bald man is wearing a white short sleeve shirt with a collar tucked into light blue jeans.
An adult male with short grey hair is wearing a short sleeved shirt, jeans, and tennis shoes while walking.
The girl has long, dark hair that is pulled back in a low ponytail. She is wearing a shirt with dark and light blue as well as orange stripes. She has on a pair of dark colored leggings and is carrying a purse on her left shoulder. 
The man wears a white t shirt blue jean pants with white sneakers he carries a black shoulder bag.
A woman walking in the opposite direction wearing a multi colored striped shirt with dark pants and blue shoes carrying a bag over her left shoulder. 
A woman wearing a black, yellow and brown stripe shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The man wears a red shirt with a black tie. He wears a black blazer with black pants and holds a white container in one hand.
A man holds a small, white, curved object in his right hand while wearing a black suit with reddish shirt and skinny, black tie while also holding a briefcase in his left hand.
A man wearing a pink shirt, a brown neck tie, a brown jacket and a pair of brown pants.
A man wearing a pink shirt, a red tie, a gray jacket and a pair of gray pants and black shoes.
The man is wearing black pants with a red shirt and a black tie. He has a black leather jacket and black shoes.
The man is wearing a black suit with a black tie and white shirt underneath. There are red stains on the shirt.
The woman has long, reddish colored hair, pulled back in a ponytail. She is wearing a yellow t-shirt and black capri pants. She is also wearing blue sandals and holding a phone.
WOMAN IS WEARING  A BRIGHT YELLOW T-SHIRT AND BLACK CAPRI PANTS.  SHE HAS ON GRAY SANDALS.  SHE IS READING A PAMPHLET. 
A woman wearing a red sweater, a white shirt, a brown jacket and a pair of red high heels.
The woman had dark brown, shoulder length hair, is wearing a burgundy colored cardigan over a pink button down shirt, sand colored shirt over the same colored ankle length pants, and red high heeled shoes.
A woman wearing a black dress with short sleeves and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of colorful shoes and a short, black skirt.
This lady is wearing a black dress and black shoes.  She also has a blue bag.  Her face has a white mask.
The woman has a long white floral dress on with a brown purse wearing around her body on the right side.  She also has white sandals on and medium length brown hair
A woman in a white and black shirt, a pair of white and black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The pedestrian wears a bag across her body while carrying a bag in her left hand. She wears a long, strapless dress.
The woman is wearing a long white printed sundress, with white shoes.  She has long brown hair and is wearing a dark cross-body bag. 
A thin man in a white t-shirt and black shorts is wearing black flip flops and a black watch on his right wrist. 
This person has on a white t shirt, black shorts and has short hair. We see this person from the back
The man wears a red plaid shirt with a white shirt underneath. He wears black pants and black shoes. He wears a gold watch.
A man with a white shirt underneath a partially buttoned red button down shirt, cuffed dark pants, and black shoes.
This woman is wearing a yellow short sleeved shirt, gray mini shorts, and plain brown sandals.
The woman is wearing flip-flops, khaki shorts and a yellow short sleeved shirt. She is carrying a black bag on her shoulder.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black short, a pair of sun glasses on his head and a black back pack.
The man is walking while holding  a phone is left hand.He is wearing a grey t-shirt with dark blue shorts and grey hat.He also is carrying a black backpack
A man is wearing a black leather jacket with black jeans, black shoes and is wearing a black backpack.
The man is looking down, wearing a black jacket and blue jeans. He has short brown hair and is carrying a briefcase.
A man walks among bushes he is wearing a red t-shirt and carrying a red backpack.
This person is wearing a bright red shirt and light shorts and is has a red back pack on his back
Gentleman seems to be coming from the store. He is carrying bags and on the move.
A short haired man wearing a white shirt and dark pants with sandals is facing to the right and appears to be walking. He is carrying some bags in both of his hands which are down at his sides. One of the bags is light colored and has a picture of a woman on it, and the other is blue. 
The girl is wearing a blue skirt that rests above her knees. She has on white shoes that exposes some skin. She wears a pink shirt and a grey and white coat on top.
The girl with black hair in a side ponytail is wearing a floral coat and blue skirt.
The young girl has on blue shorts, and a printed shirt. She has on white sneakers. 
A woman wearing a white and gray shirt, a pair of white shoes and a blue skirt.
A woman with long brown hair is looking for something in her tan pocketbook. She is wearing a multi-colored striped tunic with a black and white print skirt along with brown sandals.
the woman has dark hair, a blue pink and yellow vertically striped shirt with a black and white skirt and red high heeled sandals.
A woman carries a tan shoulder bag with brown leather trim and strap over her right shoulder. Her hair falls over the back of her long shirt with vertical stripes in yellow, pink and light-blue, worn with a printed black-and-white skirt and brown, heeled sandals.
The woman is wearing brown wedge sandals with a black and white skirt that reaches her mid-thighs. She has a white tank top on underneath a rainbow striped sheer shirt, and has a brown purse over her right shoulder.
The woman has short hair is wearing a blank and white shirt, black capris with back flats. She is carrying a green tote. 
The lady wears a black shirt short black pants with flat black and white soled sneakers walking behind the man.
A man in a black shirt with a white collar, a pair of black shorts and a pair of balck and white shoes.
The woman is wearing a black shirt with a white collar. She has on black pants and is carrying a light blue bag
A woman wearing a black jacket with a white picture on the front, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown boots.
The woman is wearing grey boots, dark pants, a black sweatshirt, and is carrying a black bag over her right shoulder.
He is wearing long dark blue jeans with the bottom cuffs rolled up and a light grey shirt with short sleeves.
He is wearing a grey t-shirt with cuffed jeans and red, white, and black sneakers. He is also carrying a black backpack.
The man wears a grey t shirt blue jeans with black and white sneakers he walks near a bicycle carrying a black back pack.
The man has short, dark hair, is wearing a grey t-shirt over dark blue jeans and white and red sneakers.  He has a bag over his left shoulder and is looking down at his left hand.
This man is wearing a gray Short sleeved shirt, blue jeans, and red/black shoes. He is also carrying a black book bag on his shoulder.
The girl is wearing a white shirt and pink skirt. She has a wine glass in her hand with a small amount of wine in it.
The girl is wearing a lacy looking short, white dress with a pink underskirt. She is holding a glass of wine.
This woman has long black hair and is wearing a sheer white sleeveless dress as she faces left.
The lady wears a blue and white shirt blue skirt she stands inside the room holding a piece of white paper near the young lady holding a wine glass.
The woman is wearing black shoes, black shorts and a sleeveless light blue shirt.  She has a black strap across her back.
A woman wearing a black tank top,a  gray tank top, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A man with black hair is wearing a collared white shirt, brown pants and a backpack.
The man is wearing a white shirt with short sleeves, dark bottoms and dark shoes.  He has a red backpack slung on his shoulder, and is carrying a dark jacket and another object that he is looking down at as he walks.
The man is wearing a white dress shirt,light blue pants and dark grey shoes.He is also wearing a watch on his left wrist
A man looks to his right wearing glasses with tinted lenses. His right hand is at his right hip. He wears a white polo shirt with short sleeves, pockets on each side of chest, fabric smoothed over rounded belly, and shirt hem tucked into pants. He wears light-blue jeans with narrow black belt, and dark gray shoes. His left foot is taking a small step forward.
young Asian female wearing a multi colored sleeve less top and dark tights, dark flats
This woman has long black hair that's pulled back and she's wearing a multicolored striped shirt and black pants and shoes.
The woman is wearing a multicolored top with black pants and is carrying a purse and has a ponytail.
The woman is wearing black pants,black shoes with white stripe.Also she is wearing a sweater with red green and yellow stripes.
This man is wearing black pants and a black suit coat. He has dark long hair and a white shirt with red stains. 
The man is wearing a black suit with a jacket that is opened to reveal a light colored shirt and a black tie.
The man has brown hair, and is wearing a dark colored jacket with a black tie.  He appears to be wearing a white shirt with something red spilled on it.
This man is covered in blood.  He is wearing a black suit, white shirt and a tie.
This man is wearing a black jacket, a bloody shirt, tie, black pants, and black shoes.
The man wears a black suit, a white shirt, and a red tie. He has long straight hair that is halfway pulled back.
The woman is reading a small pamphlet.  The woman is wearing a yellow short sleeve shirt.  
The lady wears a yellow shirt black stretch pants with grey sandals she stands near a little child.
The woman wears a white sweater with a blush top. She wears a brown skirt and red heels.
The woman wears a maroon sweater. She wears a beige skirt and pink high heels.
This person has a long-sleeved black shirt on. They are also wearing sneakers with white soles.
The lady has short black hair, a black button down short sleeve shirt, a black skirt, black and pink sneakers, and appears to be walking.
A woman wearing a dark black dress, a pair of black shoes and a silver purse.
A woman in a white dress with red and green flowers, a pair of white shoes and a brown hand bag.
This woman appears to be moving her shoulder length black hair out of her face. She is wearing what appears to be a cow patterned one piece outfit. She has a long bag draped over her back.
A woman in a white and red floral print dress, a pair of white shoes and a black bag over her left shoulder.
The woman is wearing a sleeveless maxi-length dress that is white with a dark pattern. She carries a dark brown cross-body purse.
A man wearing a white t-shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A man wears a white t-shirt over wide black shorts that end above his knees with black-soled, black shoes and has a thick, black watch band around his right wrist.
The man is standing while wearing a red zip-up hoodie, black pants and black shoes.
A man wearing a red plaid vest, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
Wearing sandals and a yellow shirt, you'll find this young lady carrying a large black bag.
Woman with dark, straight hair in pony tail with white holder wearing yellow short sleeved shirt and light colored shorts with dark flip flops.
A man wearing a gray shirt,blacks shorts and gray hat while looking at his phone with left hand and taking hat off in right hand.
a man wearing a grey baseball cap with a grey shirt with black shorts that come to his knees holding a cell phone wearing a back pack.
A man wearing a dark colored jacket a pair of dark colored pants and a back pack on his back.
The man walks while carrying a large black bag and wearing a black leather jacket.
He is wearing dark colored shoes, long dark colored pants, and a dark colored jacket. He is carrying a dark colored bag.
This gentleman is wearing dark colored clothing. He appears to be midstep with dark hair and his fingers hooked into the pockets of his pants.
The man is looking to the side. He is wearing a green jacket and dark pants and shoes. 
Man dressed in an athletic red, long-sleeve top and black athletic bottoms holding a ball in his left hand.
The man is wearing a orange jacket with white stripes,dark pants with 2 white stripes and white shoes.He is also jumping
The man is wearing a red sweat jacket with black sweats and walking towards something.
she tied her hair to ponytail hairstyle, she is wearing running shoes and shorts with pink short sleeves top
The girl is wearing a pink tee shirt, black shorts, and white sneakers. She has a black backpack on her back. She has black hair.
This man is carrying a paper in his right hand. He is wearing a black jacket, white shirt and dark pants. 
The guy has a black jacket on and black pants and is holding books in his hand.
A man with short black hair is wearing a waist length jacket, light colored shirt under the jacket, dark pants, and dark shoes. 
MALE WEARING A WHITE SHIRT AND BLACK JEAN JACKET WITH JEANS AND BOOTS STANDING LOOKING AHEAD
A slender man with short dark hair wearing a sleeveless blue shirt, gray shorts, and sandals.
The man is wearing an dark athletic t-shirt, dark shorts, and sandals without straps. 
A man extends his straight left leg in front of him while wearing a black tank top with large arm holes, navy-blue shorts ending above his knees and gray shoes.
The woman wears dark pants, a dark short sleeved shirt, and has a white watch on her right wrist.
The woman is wearing a black short, wavy sleeved shirt with a black skirt, black leggings, and black ballet flats. She is also wearing a red back bag.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman wearing a black dress, a pair of black pantyhose and a pair of white shoes.
The man wears a shirt that is black at the shoulders and gray below. His long pants appear to be khaki.
The man is wearing a black and grey shirt,yellowish pants and white shoes.He is also carrying a grey shoulder bag
The man wears a gray bag, a black and gray striped shirt, khaki pant, and brown shoes. He is looking to his right.
A male with short hair wearing a dark green top with blue shoulders with dark colored pants.
The lady wears a white short sleeved shirt and red skirt with black flip flop sandals she carries an umbrella along with a black shoulder bag.
Female wearing a light top and reddish dress. She is carrying an umbrella and a purse. 
She is  carrying  a umbrella  . She  also  has  shoulder length  brown hair  and  is  wearing  a  red  skirt  . 
THE WOMAN IS WEARING A GREY TANK TOP WITH A LARGE BELT OR SWEATSHIRT AND BLUE JEANS.
A person with short brown hair and a bag in their left hand is walking. They have on a white t-shirt with a black shirt around their waist and light blue jeans.
The person is in a dark colored top with long sleeves. They are wearing dark pants. They are holding a wine glass. 
The man wears a black dress jacket and black dress pants he holds a wine glass in his hands.
The man is wearing dark pants and a dark button downed shirt. He has long brown hair and is holding a glass cup.
A long  wavy haired male standing with a glass of wine in his hand wearing dark clothes, including a button up striped shirt and tight pants
The woman has short black hair. She is wearing a black top, black pants, and black shoes. 
The lady is wearing a short sleeved black tee shirt over her dark grey leggings and black sandals, she is carrying a large white shopping bag in her right hand.
A young man wearing a blue and gray stripe, short sleeve t-shirt. A pair of tight fitting black pants and a pair of white and black shoes.
The boy is wearing a grey striped shirt.  He has black jeans on with white shoes.
A man with short black hair is wearing a white t-shirt, black pants, black shoes and a big black backpack.
The man wears black and white Adidas shoes, dark long pants, and a white short sleeved t-shirt with a black backpack.
The man has black hair and he's wearing a white t-shirt and black pants, black shoes and he's carrying a grey backpack. 
This young man has short black hair and he's wearing a white t shirt, black pants and he's carrying a black back pack.
He is wearing a striped polo shirt with blue jeans and wearing dark colored shoes with a black bag over his shoulder.
A man has a black-and-white printed shoulder bag at his left hip with the black strap going across his back while he is dressed in a black-and white, wide horizontal stripe, short- sleeve shirt with jeans and black shoes.
A man wears a short-sleeve shirt of thick and alternating black and white horizontal stripes over jeans and black shoes while carrying a folded newspaper in one hand.
The woman has short dark hair and is wearing a red shirt with dark pants.  She has on beige shoes.  She is resting her hands on a counter. 
She has  short  black hair that is  parted . She is  also  wearing  a  bright  pink shirt .
A man wearing a white t-shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of white shoes.
The man has short colored dark hair and is wearing a white short sleeve r-shirt with long blue jean cut off shorts and white shoes with red trim.
The woman is wearing a pink shirt and black pants. She is also wearing a black backpack. 
This woman is wearing a red shirt that has the playboy logo on it and it is tucked into tight dark pants.  She has a white and black striped belt on.  
The lady wears a red shirt black pants with red ,blue, and white sneakers she walks along another female and carries a black back pack.
she wears a long black dress with short sleeves. The neckline is low and rounded.
The woman has on a dark colored, below the knee length dress.  She is carrying a purse.
Caucasian female, short blonde hair, wearing low-cut black dress, black tights, and black low heeled pumps. 
A woman in a dress mostly as a black silhouette with very short light hair, standing with her arms open wide. 
The woman wears a long sleeve white shirt and jeans.  He carries a black bag over her shoulder and carries a white shopping bag with a red logo in her left hand.
The female has dark hair pulled back from her face and she is wearing a white top with sleeves that end at the elbow and has a lacy white her. She has on dark pants and red shoes. 
The woman is wearing a white blouse.  Her pants are blue.  Her shoes are brown.  A black strap is worn over her back.
The man is wearing blue jeans with brown shoes. His shirt is white with rolled up sleeves. He is carrying a plastic bag in his left hand and he has a blue bag hanging from his neck.
The woman is wearing sneakers, black capri pants and a blue shirt.  She has her black hair pulled up into a ponytail.  Another person has their arm around her shoulder.
The girl has her hair back in a ponytail.  She is wearing a blue tee shirt, black capris, and sandals.  She is wearing glasses.
Older Asian man with white, short receding hair. He is wearing a black short sleeved shirt with a logo on the front that is obscured by the brown strap of his leather bag. He is wearing grey cargo short that hit to his knees, brown slip on shoes and a watch on his wrist. 
He  has   a large  bald  spot on the  top of his  head  with  the  remaining her  being  grey . He us  also  wearing  a  black shirt  with  grey  short pants  and  is  carrying  a brown messenger  bag.
She  has long  black hair  that  goes past her shoulders  . She is  also  using  her cell phone  right  now .
She us  currently  on  her  cell phone  .  She  is  carrying a  small  shopping  bag  .  She  is  also wearing  a  white  shirt .
the man is wearing a black suit with brown pants. he appears to be wearing a backpack.
A man wearing a black jacket with a zipper, a pair of black pants and a pair of brown shoes.
A m an wearing a black leather jacket, a pair of black jeans and a pair of brown boots.
A man holds a basketball in front of his body while he wears a red sweatshirt with white stripes down the sleeves and side and black sweatpants with white stripes down the side and gray-and white athletic shoes.
A man wearing a red jacket over a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of silver shoes.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a red jacket, a pair of black pants with a white stripe and a pair of gray shoes.
The girl is wearing a bright pink t-shirt, black athletic shorts with a pink stripe down the side, and white sneakers. She is carrying a black backpack and carrying a mobile phone. She has long black hair.
The woman is wearing a bright pink shirt and wearing black shorts. She has a black backpack and white shoes.
See the man walking away.  He has short dark hair, and is wearing a dark jacket with a white shirt underneath.  He is wearing dark pants and shoes.
This young man is dressed in a short dark jacket and dark pants. His white tee shirt is peeping out under the bottom of his jacket. His short hair is black and he is wearing eyeglasses and carrying books or papers in his right hand.
The man is walking while wearing a black jacket, black pants and black shoes. The man is also wearing a white shirt.
The man is wearing a black jacket with a white shirt underneath and black jeans with white stitching on the back pockets. He has short, dark hair.
He  has  short  black hair  and  is  wearing a light  shirt . He  is  also  wearing  dark colored  shorts  and  open toed  shoes .
The lady has black short hair, a black tank top, jean shorts, black flip flops and is looking to her right at someone as she is walking.
A person with black short hair is looking to the right and is wearing black top and black shorts. 
A woman with black hair and bangs is wearing a dark t-shirt, dark pants and has a white band around her wrist.
The woman has long black hair, phone in both hands, red backpack, black skirt, black panty hoes, black slip on shoes.
The woman is wearing black fitted pants, a black short sleeved shirt and a red back pack.  She has long black hair.
The woman is wearing a black dress and black shoes and carrying a cell phone.
A man wearing a black and gray shirt, a pair of white pants and a pair of white shoes.
This man is wearing a grey/black long sleeved shirt, brown pants, and plain white shoes.
The man is wearing a striped shirt khaki pants and carrying something under his right arm 
The boy is wearing a black with stripes, t-shirt with blue jeans,he is also wearing tennis shoes.
The woman is wearing a white shirt, red skirt and black sandals. She is also holding a white umbrella.
Woman has long brown hair, is wearing a long red skirt with a white top, has a black pocket book and a multicolored umbrella.
She is wearing a short-sleeved light peasant top and a burgundy maxi skirt. She is carrying a black purse and a white umbrella.
The woman is wearing a gray tank top with blue jeans. She has a dark shirt tied around her waist. Her shoes are white.
The women appears to have her hair pulled up and is carrying something in her left hand. She is wearing a tank top and jeans with an article of clothing tied around her waist.
A woman wearing a black button up jacket, a pair of tight brown pants and a pair of shoes.
The man has bushy light brown hair, is wearing a black jacket and a black carry bag with silver studded strap.
He is wearing tight dark pants and a long sleeved dark shirt with the neck opened. He has wavy dark hair.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a dark button up jacket, a pair of dark pants and a pair of boots.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black platform shoes.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing a white and gray striped short-sleeved t-shirt, black pants, and white gym shoes with black at the front toe area.  His right arm is hanging at his side, and his left arm is bent at the elbow.  He is looking downward at an object in his left hand.
He has  short black hair   and is  wearing a  grey stripped shirt  . He is  also wearing black pants  and  black and  white  tennis  shoes   and is  currently  messing  with his phone .
The man wears a white shirt and black pants. He has on black shoes and is walking.
A man with short black hair is wearing a light colored t-shirt, black pants, dark sneakers and a black backpack.
A male with short hair wearing a white shirt with dark pants and carrying a backpack.
The man has black hair, a white t-shirt and black pants with black shoes and he's carrying a black backpack. 
The man is wearing a striped  polo shirt and blue jeans. He has a strap across his chest. 
The man wears a black and white shirt with horizontal stripes and blue denim jeans. He wears black and white shoes and has a black handbag strap across his back.
A man walking wearing a black and white stripe short sleeve shirt, blue pants and dark shoes.
The woman has on a pink short sleeved shirt, black pants, and sandals on. She has short black hair.
This person has short dark hair and is wearing a v-neck red shirt and standing behind a display.
A man holds a cellphone horizontally at chin height with both hands to take a photograph. He is wearing a white t-shirt with denim shorts ending below his knees and white shoes with curved black trim.
This young man has short black hair and is wearing a white t shirt and denim shorts that go just below his knees.
She has a shoulder length dark straight hair,pink t-shirt  with capri dark pants with blue and pink sneakers as well as a dark bookbag.
The woman has medium length black hair. She is wearing  a red polo shirt, black pants, and red shoes. She is carrying a black back pack . 
The woman wears a pink t-shirt and short black pants with pink and white shoes. She wears glasses and carries a black backpack. 
This woman is extremely pale. She is wearing a black dress and is leaning to one side slightly.
The woman has light colored hair that is at neck length and also is wearing a black dress that goes down to her calves. 
 A woman wearing a black dress and black high heels with her hair down looks like she is leaning on the walk next to her.
A woman wears a black dress, with the hem falling between her knees and ankles, that has short and slightly flared sleeves, a fitted waist and a slightly flowing yet straight skirt. 
A woman in a white sweater, a pair of black pants and a  pair of brown shoes.
A tan skinned female with big breasts from neck down wearing a white blouse, black pants, and red shoes. She's holding a black purse.
The woman is wearing a white shirt and dark pants.  She has a cross-shoulder bag and is carrying bags in her left hand.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown shoes.
A girl with a long black pony tail, wearing a blue tee shirt, black Capri pants and white flip flops.
A woman wearing a blue and white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of pink and white shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of gray shorts, a pair of gray shoes and a wrist watch.
He is wearing a black t-shirt with grey burmuda shorts and light brown shoes. He has a brown messenger bag and a black watch.
A woman on the phone is walking away form the observer, and has a messenger back, a fanny pack, and Nike sneakers.
The woman is wearing a white t-shirt with a gray logo on the right breast, black shorts, gray sneakers, and is carrying a brown clutch and a green shopping bag.
He has a dark blue t shirt on with a white design on the front, blue shorts and black sneakers with white toes and white socks.
A young man wearing dark colored shorts, a dark colored t-shirt, eyeglasses, and black tennis shoes walks down an outdoor staircase.
A man in a black short sleeve shirt and shorts is walking outside on the street. 
An Asian male wearing wire rimmed glasses, dark shorts and a t shirt with a logo is crossing a street
THE MAN HAS ON A POLO TYPE SHIRT AND IS WEARING DARK SLACKS AND DRESS SHOES.
He is wearing black shoes, black pants, and a grey shirt with short sleeves and a rounded neck.
The woman has dark shoulder length hair and is wearing a pink t shirt with jean shorts and has a white and black purse on her left shoulder. 
A woman walking forward wearing a yellow shirt with white pants carrying a brown bag over her shoulder. 
She has  short  black hair  and is  wearing  glasses . She is  also  working on her  cell phone .
The lady i has a multiple colored bag around her arm with a yellow square in the middle of the bag and some logo on it. She is wearing a short sleeve shirt that is white and light-purple or grey color. She is also wearing black Capri pants and shoes with a dark color on top and white bottom.
A woman wearing a white floral print shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The woman is wearing a white shirt with some grey prints,dark blue long shorts and blue-white shoes.She is also carrying 2 shoulder bags
The man wears glasses, and a grey graphic tee shirt with dark pants. He is carrying a white bag, and wearing a black backpack.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of brown shoes and a pair of glasses.
The woman has medium length black hair, wearing a 3/4 sleeve white shirt, black pants, and no shoes.
A lady is walking and pushing a blue stroller. She has on dark skinny pants with a white 3/4 sleeve top. She has dark hair and a ponytail.
The  woman is eating and wears a dark red sweater.blue jeans and grey shoes.She also has curly brown hair
The young lady is wearing a long sleeve dark blouse with some dark jean pants, she is also carrying a purple book bag.
This person has a white towel around their neck. Has a red hat with white around the top
A woman wearing a dark purple shirt, a black shiny leather apron and a pair of black boots.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a long gray skirt and a whit etowel on her head.
The man is wearing a long, one-piece gray garment. He has short gray hair and carries a bag.
This man has on a long grey robe, grey pants, white socks and grey sandals. He is facing left. 
A man wearing a long wrinkled robe, with over sized sleeves and a tie on the side.
A man with short black hair is wearing a black shirt, tight black pants and black and white shoes. 
A man carries a black shoulder bag with white edging on one side while his left arm is bent forward on the other side. He wears a black t-shirt with a light-gray graphic with a curve and horizontal line, slim black pants and black shoes with gray trim.
This man is wearing a black short sleeved shirt, dark blue jeans, and brown shoes He is also holding a blue object in his hand.
The man is wearing a a short sleeved, dark t-shirt, dark jeans, and brown tennis shoes with white soles.
This person has short dark hair. They are wearing dark colored pants with a long sleeved white shirt or jacket.
INDIVIDUAL PROBABLY MALE, WITH SLOUCHED POSTURE, WEARING LONG SLEEVED WHITE SHIRT WITH SLEEVES SLIGHTLY ROLLED UP AND DARK PANTS.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man has long hair and a hat on his head. He is wearing a black v-neck shirt, red pants, and has a bag over his shoulder.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of red pants and a pair of black shoes.
She has  light  black hair  and is wearing  a white  outfit .  She is  also  wearing  white  shoes .
A little girl wears a yellow see through dress, a pair of white shoes and a head band.
A man wearing a black robe with ruffles at the bottom, a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing a long black robe.  He has white socks and a black , small hat.
A woman walks past she is wearing a red top with black pants, she is also wearing white shoes.
She has  her  black hair  pulled  back  in a ponytail  .  She is  also  carrying   a pink  bag  .
A man wearing a pair of pink shorts, a pair of black shoes and a black shirt and black glasses.
He has  short  black  hair   and  is  wearing  dark  colored glasses  . He is  also wearing  light  colored shorts  .
This girl has long blonde hair and is wearing a g a white shirt with a smile face made of fried egg eyes and a bacon mouth. She is also wearing a flowered skirt.
The woman wears a white shirt with a picture of eggs and bacon on it. She wears a black skirt with a flower pattern on it.
a women with a smiley face shirt made out of bacon and eggs and a colorful floral skirt and red boots 
The lady wears a white shirt short flowered skirt as she stands on the floor near the team.
The pedestrian is wearing a white long-sleeve dress shirt and gray dress pants along with black shoes. He has short, dark hair.
He has  short black hair  and  is wearing  a white  shirt  . He is also  wearing  dark colored pants .
Man wearing a white long sleeve shirt with grey pants and grey and black shoes.  He has his back to the camera.
Dark haired male wearing a white, long sleeved shirt, gray pants. Can only see the back of him.
The man is wearing sneakers, black shorts, and a black shirt. He appears tan; may be holding something in his right hand.
He is wearing black tennis shoes, long black shorts, and a black shirt with short sleeves and writing on the front.
A man wear a a blue top and long white pants. He has white shoes. He is looking to the right.
A man in a blue shirt, a pair of white pants and a pair of brown shoes on his feet.
This man is wearing a blue short sleeved shirt, a black belt, white pants, and brown shoes.
This man is wearing a blue/white striped short sleeved shirt, a black belt, tan pants, and brown shoes.
She is wearing a long, black skirt and a white, sleeveless top. She is carrying a white bag over her right shoulder and is holding a large, black umbrella.
The woman has long black hair , is wearing a full length black sleeveless dress, black sandals, and is carrying something large covered in a black case.
A woman is walking in a long black dress. She is wearing a tan sweater over her dress. 
The woman is wearing white shirt and a long black skirt that goes down to her ankles. She has long, black hair.
The woman is wearing a black shirt with red and burgundy prints,blue jeans and white shoes.She is also carrying a white shoulder purse
The woman is wearing a long sleeved top that has a flora print on it, dark pants, and gray sneakers.
white dress asain women pink shoes black long hair wearing backward backpack and glasses black back pack and gold phone
The woman is wearing a white dress and pink shoes. She is carrying a black bag and is looking down at her phone.
A man wearing a black shirt with an emblem, a pair of black pants and a pair of black glasses.
THE MAN IS WEARING BLUE JEANS AND A MULTI STRIPED SHIRT IN COLORS OF GREEN,PINK AND GRAY STRIPES.
The young man is wearing black clothes and black and white shoes. He also has glasses on his face. 
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes and white socks.
A man with glasses is using the cross walk.  He is wearing a black shirt and black short.
A man wearing a gray t-shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
This man is wearing a gray short sleeved shirt, black jeans, and black shoes gym shoes
A woman turns her head to the right while wearing a yellow blouse, with puffy short sleeves, that is covered in white dots with white, wide-leg pants and pink sandals while carrying a black shoulder bag with cross strap.
A woman looks over to one side while carrying a black shoulder bag with gold trim in front of her and the strap crossing over her left shoulder. She is wearing a yellow blouse with a dark marking on one side of her chest, and white pants.
The woman is walking while looking down at her phone.  She is wearing black pants and is carrying a bag.
The woman is wearing grey shoes, black capri pants and a patterned grey and white top.  She has a bag on her left arm.
The woman with short black hair is wearing black yoga pants and a white and purple floral print shirt with casual shoes and is carrying a large grey bag. 
A woman wearing a white and gray blouse, a pair of black pants and a pair of blue shoes.
The boy is wearing a grey t-shirt with a dinosaur and dark blue jeans with brown sandals. He is also carrying a white plastic grocery bag.
This person has short dark hair. They are wearing a patterned shirt with dark pants, and flip flops. They are wearing glasses, and carrying a white grocery bag
The woman is wearing ankle length black jeans and a cream shirt with three quarter sleeves.  The shirt has a black and white graphic on the front.
A woman's black hair is pulled back and falls over the back of a white blouse with long sleeves which is worn over slim-and-dark pants and white running shoes.
A woman wearing a red shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray pants.
The woman is wearing a black and white backpack, a burgundy colored, long sleeved top, jeans, and black and white sneakers.
A woman wearing a black apron over a pink shirt, a pair of gloves and a white towel.
The middle aged woman with black hair is wearing a large black full-body apron over a dark purple shirt, black boots and is holding a pair of black gloves. 
THE WOMAN WEARS A GRAY COLLAR SHIRT. THE WOMAN WEARS A BLACK APRON AND LONG BLACK GLOVES. SHE HAS A WHITE TOWEL DRAPED OVER HER SHOULDERS. SHE HAS SHORT, DARK HAIR.
the man is wearing a dark tan hat and a light gray robe. He is wearing a tan bag over his right shoulder.
The individual appears to be male with no hair; he is wearing off-white monks robes, stockings, and sandals.
A man takes a wide stride and is wearing a long-sleeved, light-gray gown with a high collar, v-neckline, wide sleeve cuff and hem ending at ground length. He is carrying a round hat in front of his waist and a tan shoulder bag with strap over one shoulder.
She  has  short  black hair . She is  also  wearing  a  black  shirt  and  dark  colored  shoes  .
A young man wearing black pants and a t shirt is walking near a black gate.
A young man is walking from right to left.  He has a black shirt and dark pants.  He is carrying a green something in his right hand and has orange nike shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt with long sleeves, a pair of black pants and a wrist watch.
He  has  short  light  brown hair  . He  is  wearing  a white shirt  and  black pants  .
The man is wearing a white shirt and black pants. He is carrying something maroon in his left hand. He appears to be balding. 
The man has long dark hair, mustache and beard and is wearing a ski cap, black v neck t-shirt and red pants.
The man is wearing a gray ski cap.  He is wearing a black shirt, red pants, and gray shoes.  He is carrying a satchel.
The girl is wearing a light colored dress with a matching headband.  She has light brown hair that is longer than her shoulders.
The little girl is wearing a light pink frilly dress with a head band and white sandals.
The man is wearing a long, black Buddhist robe, white socks, and black loafers. He is holding his hands in front of his chest and a sword is being held above his head.
A man wearing a long, black, flowing coat, a pair of white and black shoes and a black hat.
The lady is wearing a red shirt and tight black pants. She has on white shoes.
The woman is wearing a t-shirt with a red, white and black design, black pants and white sneakers.  She is carrying a purple bag in one hand and a pink bag in the other.
The man is running. Hes carrying a purple backpack. Hes wearing a black shirt and pink shorts. Hes wearing black shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt a pair of pink shorts and a pair of black glasses.
The girl is wearing a skirt with a floral design. She also is wearing a shirt with bacon and eggs in the shape of a smiley face
A woman wearing a white bacon and eggs t-shirt, a floral pring skirt and a pair of shoes.
A blonde woman wearing a white t-shirt with a picture of a bacon and egg smiley face on it. She's also wearing a short flowered skirt and red ankle boots.
The person is a female wearing a floral print skirt with a white blouse. Her hair looks to be in a mid ponytail. 
The man wears dark shoes, grey pants, and a white button-down collared long sleeved shirt.
The man is wearing black shoes with baggy grey pants. He has on a black belt and a long-sleeved white shirt with a collar. 
The man wears a grey sweater over a white dress shirt. He wears dark gray slacks and black dress shoes.
A man is walking away and wearing a long sleeve dress shirt with gray dress pants and black shoes.
He is wearing dark colored tennis shoes, long black shorts, and a dark colored shirt with short sleeves.
A man wearing a black shirt with white writing, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A man who is wearing a blue shirt, a pair of white pants and a pair of black shoes.
A short haired man with a blue or grey short sleeved shirt and long tan pants is walking away.
A man in a blue shirt, a pair of white pants,a  black belt and a pair of pink shoes.
A man in a blue and gray stripe shirt, a pair of white pants and a pair of red shoes.
THIS PERSON IS HOLDING A LARGE BLACK UMBRELLA WITH A PINK LINING ON THE OUTSIDE. THEY ARE WEARING A WHITE TANK TOP, LONG BLACK SKIRT, CARRYING A TOTE BAG AND NOT WEARING ANY SHOES
She is wearing a black maxi dress and flats.  She is carrying a black umbrella to the side of her. 
The woman is walking with her hands held in front of her. She is wearing a black outfit, carrying a bag, and has long loose hair. 
She is wearing a long loose black skirt with a straight silhouette, and a light colored top. 
A woman with black hair is wearing a dark top, light blue jeans and a white purse.
A woman with long black hair is walking with a bag on her left shoulder. She is wearing a printed black jacket with gray pants and sneakers.
She is  working on  her  cell phone  . She is  wearing  a  all white  outfit  and  is  carrying a  black  bag.
She has  long  straight  black hair  that  goes past  her  shoulders  .  She is  also  using her  cell phone  .  She is wearing  all  white   with  pink  dress  shoes  .
A man with short black hair wearing glasses with a dark blue polo shirt with black pants.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a short sleeve black t-shirt and black shorts along with flip flops. His left arm is bent in front of him and he is carrying something punk on his right side.
A man with short black hair is wearing a black sweatshirt, a pair of blue jeans and a grey backpack on his back.
The man is wearing a black sweatshirt, blue jeans, and brown shoes. He has a black backpack and is carrying a drink and black case.
A man wearing denim jeans is walking wearing a black hooded and a backpack. He is holding a back folder in one hand and a coffee in the other.
The boy is wearing a long-sleeved black shirt with a collar and jeans.  He is carrying a dark-colored backpack over both shoulders.
The woman has her hair pulled back she is wearing a white t-shirt and jeans. She is wearing white strappy wedges on her feet and a purse slung over her left shoulder.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of white shoes and a brown hand bag on he left shoulder.
A person with black hair is wearing a red, white and grey jacket, tan capri pants and sneakers.
He has short  black  hair  and is  wearing a  black jacket  with a  hood .  He is  also  wearing  beige short  pants .
A man wearing a red and white jacket, a pair of white shorts and a pair of white shoes.
A woman with dark hair is wearing all black with red shoes and carrying an orange and red bag.
This person wears all dark color except the pink shoes.  There is a bag on her left shoulder which is dark red.  She has long hair.
The woman is wearing all black. The woman is walking. The woman is carrying something. The woman is wearing red shoes.
The woman is wearing a dark purple jacket, black pants, and red and white sneakers. She is carrying a large red and white camouflage print bag on her left shoulder.
The man is wearing a black t-shirt, black shorts, black shoes, and white headphones and is carrying a black bag.
The boy walking is wearing headphones and a blue designer t-shirt. He is wearing dark shorts and black and white tennis shoes. He is carrying a black and white bag over his left shoulder.
The man has black hair, and a black t-shirt with white writing on the front, and black pants. 
A man wearing a black shirt with white writing on the front, a pair of black pants and a pair of headphones.
The man is wearing dark colored shoes, blue jeans and a long sleeved, dark colored top.  He is holding a black bag in his right arm.
The man is wearing a dark, long-sleeved shirt and black pants. He is carrying a black backpack over his right shoulder.
the person is wearing a large brown coat, navy pants, brown boots, and a large navy hat.
A kid wearing a brown jacket with slits on the side. a furry black hat and a pair of green boots.
No person is in this picture. It is just a sidewalk and a metal guard rail with a pole in the background.
The person is wearing a light colored top and dark colored pants.  They have dark skin.
A man with short black hair is wearing glasses, a watch, a grey t-shirt and tan shorts.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The lady has a ponytail on her dark hair and a brown bag, and is wearing a white no sleeve shirt with her red skirt.
A women has her black hair in a pony tail.  She is wearing a white shirt and a red skirt while carrimg a bag.
A woman wearing a black and white stripe, v-neck shirt, a pair of white wrinkled pants and a pair of white shoes.
The person is wearing white sneakers and a blue or black and white polo shirt.  They have a large pink tote bag on his or her right shoulder and has short black hair.
SLENDER BROWN HAIRED WOMAN BOB HAIRSTYLE WEARING SHORT SLEEVELESS BLACK DRESS. WITH BLACK HIGH HEELS THAT HAVE ANKLE STRAP.
A woman wearing a black see through shirt, a tight fitting short black skirt and a pair of shoes.
The man has on a white collared shirt and black pants. He is carrying a black shopping bag. 
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The woman has glasses and is wearing a sheer, short-sleeved yellow blouse, black pants, nude or brown sandals and she is carrying a black and white paisley tote bag on her right shoulder.
This woman has short black hair and she's wearing a yellow and white striped shirt, black pants, and she's carrying a black and gray purse over her shoulder.
A man wearing a white and black plaid shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown shoes.
The man is wearing a plaid short sleeved button down shirt, denim shorts, and brown sandals. He is walking and texting with his left hand. 
The girl is wearing a short sleeved, red t-shirt with a logo on the front, dark jeans, and gray shoes with white soles. She has a black bag.
The woman is wearing a short sleeved, red shirt with a logo on the front, blue jeans, and black and white tennis shoes.
The woman is wearing a red shirt,black pants and black and white shoes.She is also carrying a black shoulder bag.
This woman is wearing workout pants and a red shirt with a design as she walks along the rocks.
A man wearing black eyeglass frames also wears a white t-shirt with black trim at the neck and sleeve and a repeated round black-and-white graphic across the front with wide-leg gray knee-length shorts, black ankle socks, and white running shoes with three black stripes on the sides.
The has short dark hair and is wearing a white short sleeve shirt, dark shorts and white stripped sneakers. He is carrying a dark bag on his left shoulder.
The man is wearing a whit t-shirt with tan shorts and white shoes. He has a bag over his left shoulder.
The man wears a white t shirt grey shorts with black and white sneakers he walks aside another person and carries a black shoulder bag.
The lady has long black hair, a black collared blouse, black pants, tan colored platform sandals, and she's carrying a light blue umbrella.
A woman with black hair is wearing a dark colored shirt, dark colored pants and has a light blue umbrella. 
A girl with long hair wearing a black sleeveless top with dark pants and shoes carrying a closed umbrella.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
Female with short black hair wearing a purple and white shirt with white cropped pants and black shoes carrying a pale blue bag that has dark blue handles and wearing a watch or bracelet on her left wrist.
The woman is wearing a dark pink/light pink polo shirt. She is wearing white ankle pants and black flats. She is carrying a white bag.
He is wearing white tennis shoes, long black pants with white stripes on the side, and a black jacket with white stripes on the sides of the sleeves. He is carrying a white backpack with designs on two shoulders.
Man has dark hair with multicolored backpack on back and wearing dark sweat suit with matching light colored strip down sides and light colored sneakers.
The man is wearing a black and white track suit with white tennis shoes. He is carrying a backpack, using both straps.
The man is wearing a dark shirt or jacket and matching pants with a silver stripe down at least the right sleeve and right pants leg.  He has white shoes on, and he has a gray backpack slung over his shoulders.
A man in a gray sihrt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes on his feet.
Male with dark hair which seems extra full. He is wearing a white long sleeve shirt with gray pants.
A man in a white shirt with buttons, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a white top, which appears to be a long sleeve button up or a jacket. There is an unrecognizable dark square on the right side of his top. His pants are black. 
The woman has long black hair.  She is wearing a pink blouse and white pants.
A woman wearing a pink shirt and a pair of tight fitting white pants with a zipper.
The man is wearign a light brown jacket. He has on dark colored jeans. He is carrying a brown bag.
The man is facing right wearing a brown jacket, black pants and carrying a shoulder bag.
The dark haired manis wearing a black shirt, black shorts, flip flops standing near a box
This man is wearing a black long sleeved shirt, dark blue jeans,  and shoes. He is also carrying a green/white book bag on his back.
The male with short, dark, curly hair is drinking out of a white cup and is wearing a dark colored hoodie, white t-shirt pokig out, lighter colored jeans and brown shoes.
A man wearing a black jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown shoes.
He  has  short  black  hair . He is  wearing a  black shirt  and   a  back  pack  as  well .
A woman with black hair pulled back in a bun has a tan pocketbook on her shoulder. She is wearing a white t-shirt with olive green pants and white wedge sandals.
She has  her  long  black hair  in  a  bun  . She is  wearing a  white  shirt   and  black  pants  . She is  also wearing  white  sandals .
The man is wearing a red and white coat with khaki shorts, he is also wearing white and black tennis shoes.
The man is walking and he is wearing a dark red and white jacket with grey shorts and grey shoes.
A young man with black hair is wearing a black jacket with a black hood, tan shorts and sneakers.
The woman has long dark hair.  She is wearing a black top with long sleeves, black leggings, red sneakers, and carrying a red shoulder bag.
The woman is dressed in dark clothing with sneakers.  The sneakers have white trim, she is also carrying a brightly patterened satchel.
Female with long black hair is wearing black leggings, black tunic length top with pink tennis shoes on her feet.
The woman is walking away from the camera is wearing pink shoes, a black jacket and black pants and carrying a big red print tote bag.
The young man is walking while listening to headphones and carrying a satchel while wearing dark short and a dark shirt with short sleeves
The young man wears white headphones. His clothes are dark, and the bag he carries is black with white trim. 
A man with reddish brown hair is wearing a black shirt with a white logo, white headphones and black pants.
The man wears a black and white t shirt black pants he stands above the white wall with white headphones and carries a black shoulder bag.
He is walking with a backpack over his right shoulder, he is wearing blue jeans, black jacket and a blue shirt. 
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
THe female is wearing a snow jacket, gloves, boots and hat. She has a scarf on.
A very young boy wearing traditional Eastern brown-grey jacket with blue fringe and grey winter hat.
The only person in this photo might be the guy on the bike on the road, if this is a bike lane.
This person has black hair and they are wearing a gray sweater with black patterns in it and black pants.
A male with short black hair and glasses wearing a light grey tee shirt with shorts.
A man with short black hair is wearing a short sleeved grey t-shirt, tan shorts and brown shoes.
A woman wearing a sleeveless, white shirt, a red skirt and a pair of red shoes.
She has long dark hair pulled. Back in a low ponytail.  She is wearing a white shirt and a maroon colored skirt. 







The woman is wearing a black and white horizontal striped shirt with a black collar and white pants with white sneakers and is carrying a cell phone. She has short dark hair. 
She  has  short  black hair    and is  wearing   a  black  and white   stripped shirt  .  She is  also  carrying   a  large pink purse .
The woman has a black dress and black heels. Her hair is light brown, and her lipstick is deep red.
The woman has short, brown hair and red lipstick. She is wearing a short, tight, black dress.
Wearing a white shirt and dark-colored pants, the man carries a dark-colored shopping bag in his right hand.
The man is wearing a long sleeved, white shirt, blue jeans, and black shoes. He is carrying a blue shopping bag.
woman has yellow striped shirt on with black pants, yellow shoes. holding  purse over her right shoulder.
A woman facing the opposite direction wearing a yellow and white stripped shirt, black pants, and yellow shoes carrying a purse on her right shoulder. 
A man looking down at something is wearing a black and white loose fitting shirt, a hat and blue jean shorts. 
A man wearing a  white and black plaid shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A woman who is wearing a red shirt and black pants. She is also wearing black and white sneakers. 
A woman carries a brown tote bag under her right arm and has her other arm bent at her side. Her hair falls over her shoulders as she wears a red t-shirt with round yellow graphic centered on her chest, black pants and black-and-white shoes.
A woman wearing a red shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The woman has long hair covering her shoulders. Her t-shirt is red, and her pants are black.
A man wearing a white shirt with black writing, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
white t- shirt with cargo shorts to his knees; white and black tennis shoes and bag on one side.
A man carries the double straps of a black, shoulder bag across his left shoulder and the bag under is bent arm while looking to his right. He wears a white t-shirt over knee-length dark-gray shorts and white running shoes with black trim.
The boy has short, dark hair. He is wearing a white t shirt, olive shorts, dark socks, and white shoes. He is carrying a black bag.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
A girl with long black hair wearing a dark top with dark blue denim pants carrying a teal umbrella.
A woman wearing a black tank top, a pair of black pants and a pair of white and gray shoes.
The woman is wearing a dark brown jacket with black pants and grey shoes.She is also carrying a blue umbrella 
She is wearing black shoes and white pants. Her shirt is short sleeved and is white and pink. She has a bag in her left hand. 
The woman is wearing a short sleeved shirt with a pink and purple design, white pants, and black shoes.
A person is walking in white shoes. He is carrying a white patterned backpack on his back. A white stripe goes downhis arm.
He is wearing tennis shoes, long black pants with white stripes down the sides and a long sleeved dark colored jacket with white stripes down the sleeves. He is carrying a light patterned backpack on both shoulders.
This person has short dark hair and wears a dark colored track suit with white stripe as well as a book bag and white tennis shoes.
He wears a black sweatshirt with a white stripe down the right arm and black track pants with a white stripe down the right leg with white sneakers. He has a gray backpack on. 
The man with black hair has on a white long sleeved button down shirt with on pocket on the chest. He wears black pants and dark colored shoes.
The subject is wearing a long-sleeved white shirt or jacket over gray pants and black shoes.  He or she has dark hair that is either short or pulled up.
The man is being viewed from the front and he is looking to the left side of the photo. He is wearing long black pants with a long sleeved light blue or white dress shirt that is un-tucked. His right hand is in his front right pocket and he is wearing light brown shoes that are tied.
Young male with a white long sleeved t-shirt and black pants. He appears to have a white shouldar bag.
A woman wearing a pink shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of dark brown shoes.
The lady wears a red shirt white pants as she walks along the floor inside the building.
The man wears a light brown jacket and black pants with grey sneakers he carries a brown shoulder bag walking along the street.
A man is wearing dark shoes and black pants. He is wearing a light brown long-sleeved sweater with a shirt with an orange collar showing from under the sweater. He has a black bag strapped over his right shoulder.
The man is wearing a messenger bag. The man is wearing a large sweater and black jeans. The man is wearing gym shoes.
He has short, black hair and a tan and brown messenger bag slung over his shoulder. He's in a tan jacket over an orange shirt and black jeans with blue sneakers.
This man has short black hair and wears glasses. He is wearing a white t-shirt with black print, with a black long sleeved cardigan over it. He is wearing dark shorts. He is wearing black and white sneakers, and is carrying a black satchel in his right hand.
This is a man who is walking. He is wearing green shorts and a black shirt. He is carrying a bag.
Man wearing a gray shirt and jeans with a backpack and blue shoes with dark hair
The man has a black backpack on and his shoes are blue. His t-shirt is grey and he's wearing fitted dark blue jeans. 
The man has a grey t-shirt, and blue denim jeans rolled up at the bottoms.  He is also wearing blue shoes and is carrying a black backpack.
The man wears a green jacket green pants with black shoes he stands inside a room along a pink carpet and coaches a room full of individuals.
A man wearing a white shirt, a black bow tie, a pair of black pants and a  black jacket.
A man wearing a brown suit jacket with a slit in the back over a white shirt, a pair of brown pants and  a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing a white and blue striped shirt. He is walking forward, looking down. He has pleated pants with a belt and black shoes.
The men wear a black grey,white and green t-shirts and beige pants with grey sneakers one of them holds a cell phone.
A man wearing a white shirt with black and blue stripes, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
A white woman with a long sleeve brown shirt with a long light blue skirt.
The lady wears a brown long sleeved blouse a white skirt with grey short heeled shoes as she walks along the side walk. 
A woman standing on the ground with one foot up on a ledge. This woman is wearing a short dress.
She is wearing a pink skirt and pink tank top. She is talking on the phone.
Talking on her phone, she is dress in a light dress and strappy sandals.  She is wearing her hair down.
A female with a high dark ponytail and a short dress,  is standing with a bent knee  looking at her phone.
The woman is wearing a black and white patterned outfit, and has a large pack on her back.  
A woman wearing a white and black plaid shirt, a black and white plaid pair of pants and  a pair of black and white shoes.
The lady wears a white and black shirt white and black pants with grey and white sneakers she walks inside the building and carries a black back pack.
A woman wearing a black and white plaid shirt, a pair of white shoes and a black and gray back pack.
The woman is wearing her hair in a pony tail. She has o glasses. Her top is gray and her shorts are a black and white print.
The woman is wearing glasses, a gray collared shirt, shorts, black and white sandals, a fanny pack, and is carrying a plastic shopping bag.
The woman is wearing a white top. She is also wearing black and white shorts. 
A man with black hair is wearing glasses, a grey striped shirt, dark pants, dark shoes and a black backpack.
The man is wearing black and white tennis shoes with a pair of brown pants. He is wearing a grey sweatshirt with long sleeves and has a blue and white backpack on his back.
The man is wearing black sandals, green camo shorts, and a white t-shirt.  He is also wearing glasses.
The man is wearing a short sleeved, white shirt with a design on the front, gray shorts, glasses, and sandals.
An Asian woman with a pink and white scarf and short black hair is walking while carrying a black bag.
Here is a woman with a colorful patterned scarf. She is carrying a large bag in one hand and a can of something in the other. Her dark shirt has a white logo and she is wearing dark pants with white sneakers.
The young adult male is wearing a black sweater and black pants with a large red scarf. He carries a laptop bag in one hand and a large drink in the other hand.
A woman walking forward wearing a multi colored scarf, black long sleeve top, black pants, and black shoes. 
The girl is wearing a black and white checkered shirt under a black sweater. Her shorts are gray and shoes are a pinkish color.
A woman carries a small angular shoulder bag at her right hip. Her long and curly hair falls over her back while she is dressed in a black jacket with gray back yoke over a printed black-and-white blouse of circles over black short shorts and pink running shoes.
The man has glasses. He is wearing a blue polo shirt, grey jeans, and sandals. He is carrying a black back pack. 
the man is wearing dark shorts, a short sleeved light blue shirt, black sandals and a black bookbag. The man is bald. 
A man wearing a light blue shirt, a pair of gray and black shorts and a pair of brown sandals.
The man wears a orange t shirt blue jean shorts with black and grey sneakers as he walks along the pavement.
He has  short  black hair   and  is  wearing a  orange  shirt  .  He is  also wearing  denim  shorts  and  open  toed  sandals .
A young boy wearing an orange shirt with a large picture on the front of it, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of black and white shoesl
The woman is dressed in black. Her skirt is short, and the boots she wears reach almost to her knees.
A woman with dark hair wearing a black top with a red thigh high skirt and black knee high boots carrying a black shoulder purse.
A woman is walking away from the camera.  She has black hair and is wearing a black coat, red shirt and black knee-high boots.
A dark haired woman wearing a short black dress and knee high dark colored leather boots carries a multi colored shoulder bag through an indoor mall.
The woman is wearing a black shirt with dark colored pants and sandals. She is carrying a dark shopping bag.
A Caucasian woman with dark hair pulled back in a pony tail, she has glasses on , dark jeans or long pants, a blouse dark in color with a white pattern on it, she's wearing sandals that look to be brown, has a dark colored purse over her shoulder and is stocky in build.
A man looks forward with his arms folded in front of his black outfit which is composed of a closed black jacket, black pants and black shoes.
A man wearing a dark black jacket, a pair of black pants and a pair of glasses on his face.
She is an older woman with short black hair, wearing a gray t-shirt with blue and green printed designs, black straight legged pants and low heeled slide shoes.
A woman wearing a gray shirt with black spots, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
She is wearing dark ballet flats, white shorts, and a short sleeved shirt with grey and white stripes. She is carrying a black purse over her right shoulder.
The lady with short hair is carrying a small black purse on her shoulders and wearing a striped light blue t-shirt, khaki shorts and black shoes.
A woman wearing a white shirt with blue stripes, a pair of white shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing a red and white checkered shirt with a black collar, khaki pants with a black belt, and a red tote bag.
 Man wears a pink and white short sleeve shirt tucked in to khaki pants. He is wearing a black belt and is holding a phone in his right hand 
The girl is wearing a pink, white and black helmet, a pink coat, a grey skirt, white tights and gloves, and blue ice-skates.  She has long, dark hair in a ponytail.
She is  wearing   a bright  red  helmet  and   blue  skates  . She  also  has  short  black  hair  .
The man is wearing a blue sweatshirt with jeans. He is also wearing flip flops. He is carrying a backpack.
A person wearing blue jeans, a purple shirt or sweater wearing a dark colored backpack.
The man has short hair and is wearing light blue jeans whole wearing a white shirt 
A man looks to his left while his left arm is bent and crosses over his body below his chest to touch his right arm which is at his side. His right leg is bent while he is dressed in a white, long-sleeve buttoned shirt worn over faded jeans.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of jeans and a pair of shoes.
The man  wears abrown jacket, black pants and blue sneakers. He is carryng a black  cross-body bag.
A man wearing a brown jacket, dark, black colored pants, a pair of blue and white shoes and a brown and black bag.
A man wearing a white shirt, a black over shirt, a pair of black and white shoes and a black bag in his right hand.
A man wearing a black and white shirt, a pair of green shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man is walking in a shopping mall setting, he is carrying a backpack and is wearing a t-shirt and dark colored pants.
He  has  short  spike  styled  black  hair   . He is  carrying a large  black back  pack.
The man is wearing a grey t-shirt, cuffed denim pants, and blue sneakers with black socks. He is carrying a black backpack. 
The man is in a long tail suit coat and is in charge of many others in the room. He is leading them while waving his arms in time.
The man is wearing a gray suit. He is also wearing a white shirt and black bow tie. 
The man wears a black long-tailed blazer and black pants. The shirt under the blazer is white.  His shoes are black.
The man is wearing gray pants and a striped blue and white shirt.  His head is looking down toward the floor.  A black belt is around his waist.
He is wearing dark shoes, dark khaki pants, a black belt, and a white shirt with a thick dark stripe and a medium grey stripe and thin grey stripe. He is wearing a silver watch on his left wrist.
The man has short, black hair. He is wearing a white polo shirt with navy blue stripes. He is also wearing khaki pants and a watch.
The lady wears a light blue dress with a rusty red colored top. She is pushing a cart.
A blurry girl is wearing a brown top and white skirt.  She is walking.
The woman is wearing a sleeveless top and shorts.  She is looking down at something in her hands.  She is wearing flat shoes.
She is holding her cell phone up to her right ear. She wears a light colored, short dress and has a dark colored purse over her shoulder.
Young female with dark hair pulled back in a pony tail.  Wearing a light colored thigh-length dress and sandals. 
A lady with long hair is looking at something in her hand.  She is wearing a white dress and sandals.
ADULT ASIAN FEMALE WITH SHORT DARK HAIR A PANT SUIT WITH WINDOW PANE STYLE CHECKS AND GREY AND WHITE SNEAKERS CARRYING A OVERSIZED BACKPACK SUITCASE ON HER BACK AND A SMALL DARK PURSE IN FRONT NEAR HER WAIST
The woman is wearing a jumpsuit with a white background and blue stripes while carrying a large backpack
The woman is walking fast.She is wearing a white one piece clothing with black lines and white-grey shoes.She is also carrying a black mini luggage.
The person is wearing a backpack and dark and light checkered patterned outfit. They have on white tennis shoes.
The lady is wearing an off-white blouse with shoulder cut-outs. She has floral print monochrome shorts on. She has a dark fanny pack around her waist. She is wearing white sandals with black straps on her ankles. She is carrying a white plastic shopping bag in her right hand. Her black hair is in a pony tail.
A woman wearing a brown and blue blouse, a pair of gray shorts, a black belt and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman wearing a blue and brown shirt, a pair of gray and white shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The man is wearing a short sleeved, gray, striped shirt, dark pants, and dark shoes. He has glasses and a black backpack.
The man is walking and is wearing a grey shirt with tan pants and black and white shoes.He is also carrying a purple/white backpack
A man with glasses and brown hair is wearing a white short-sleeved shirt, dark pants that end at mid-calf and sandals. 
A man wearing a white shirt with a picture on front, a pair of black shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The woman is wearing a black outfit with a red and white scarf around her neck. She is carrying a briefcase in one hand and a drink in the other.
She's an Asian woman with bangs. She has a red and white scarf on over a black sweatshirt with white lettering, dark pants, and white sneakers. She's carrying a black bag.
The pedestrian is carrying a black bag in their right hand wearing a multi colored scarf, black top, black pants, and white shoes. 
The woman has short dark hair. She is wearing black pants and a long scarf which is pink and red. She is carrying a black blag.
A young girl wears a pair of shot gray shorts, a pair of pink shoes, a white and black spotted shirt and a black sweater.
A woman wearing a black jacket, a pair of gray shorts, a black and white blouse and a pair of pink shoes.
The man has on grey shorts and a polo type short sleeve shirt.  He has on a black backpack and is wearing flip flops. 
This man has a dark backpack on his back. He has flipflops on, and is wearing a light blue shirt with dark trim.
The man is bald.  He is wearing a white collared shirt, gray shorts, and flip flops.  He is carrying a black backpack.
This boy follows behind a larger man.  The boy is stocky in build.  He wears a light orange shirt, dark blue pants and athletic shoes.
A kid wearing an orange shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of black sandals.
He is wearing an orange t-shirt with a brown design on the front and blue shorts and wearing dark colored shoes. 
The lady has long black hair pulled back in a ponytail, shes wearing a black dress, and long knee high black boots. 
A woman carries a black shoulder bag with white dots with the straps across her right shoulder. Both elbows are bent as she wears a black jacket over a pleated, dark-red miniskirt and black knee-high boots.
The lady is wearing a black jacket, red skirt and black knee high boots and us carrying a black purse.
The woman is wearing a black dress. She is also wearing black boots. She is also carrying a black bag. 
A woman wearing a black and white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of brown shoes.
This heavyset woman wears glasses and a black shirt with a print design, black pants and shoes, she is carrying a black bag over her shoulder.
The man is wearing a black long sleeve jacket over black pants.  He is wearing black shoes.
The man has short black hair and glasses. He is wearing a black jacket, and black pants. 
the woman has short black hair, is wearing a light blue short sleeve blouse with dark blue flower pattern, black pants, and black sandals. She is carrying a large black shoulder purse. 
A lady with black hair is wearing a gray shirt with black circles and black pants.she has a black bag and is walking next to someone with a pink shirt.
A woman wearing a white shirt with blue stripes, a pair of white shorts and a pair of black shoes.
She is wearing black flats, white shorts, and a white and grey striped shirt with short sleeves.
An Asian woman wearing light colored board shorts, black leather shoes and a striped shirt holds a black shoulder bag in a store.
Dark-haired man facing towards oncoming pedestrians is wearing a light pink stripped polo style shirt, khaki pants, a dark belt, and is holding a bright colored shopping bag.
A man is wearing a pink checkered shirt with a blue collar and white pants with a black belt.
This little girl is wearing a red jacket, a blue skirt, white leggings and blue footwear. She is also wearing mittens.
Young girl wears blue dress and blue ice skates, along with a red jacket, red helmet, and a multi-color winter scarf.
This man has black hair and he's wearing a purple sweatshirt, blue jeans and he's carrying a black backpack on his back.
The man is wearing a black backpack that has black straps, a blue, long sleeved jacket, blue jeans, and black and white sneakers.
Man walking down a street with one arm across his body in light colored clothing.
The young man is wearing a short sleeve white shirt and some long blue jeans.
The man is wearing a grey shirt with dark grey pants and he is standing next to onother person
A young man with short dark hair wearing a short sleeve light colored button up shirt, jeans and white sneakers 
The woman wears a red jacket and has a phone to her ear. She is wearing dark pants and has her hair in a ponytail.
A women in a red coats, black hat and black skinny jeans walking hold a white shopping bag.
This women is wearing a red coat with white trim at the wrists and neck.  She appears to be wearing black tights or skinny jeans and black flat shoes.  She has her black hair in a ponytail and is talking on the phone that she holds in her left hand.  
She is  wearing  a  bright  red  jacket that has some fur  around the collar  . She is  also  currently  using her  cellphone .
A man wearing a bright, white shirt with a logo on the front of it, a pair of dark colored shorts and a pair of sandals.
The person is wearing a white shirt and is next to a light green railing. The person looks like a man but the picture is blurry.
A male of average height with short black hair is wearing a neon green shirt, navy blue shorts, a dark colored bag, and dark blue flipflops is walking in an in a building.
A person is carrying a black bag on the left side while wearing a light-green, short-sleeve top with a black strap crossing over and  loose blue shorts ending at the knee with gray shoes.
A man wearing a green shirt, a pair of blue shorts and a pair of black sandals.
A man is wearing a maroon shirt with stripes on the shoulders, and is carrying a bag. 
A man wearing a black and white shirt, a apir of brown shorts and a pair of shoes.
woman in printed skirt with black and white , black top on and black slip on shoes flat holding  black handbg
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of army style shorts and a black hat on his head.
Heavy set dar haired woman wearing a black short sleeved shirt, black and white skirt, and black flip flop sandals.
The woman is wearing a black short sleeved shirt and a black and white skirt.  She is wearing black flat shoes.
The man is wearing a black short sleeved t-shirt with a black messenger bag. He has shorts and tennis shoes on.
A man with short black hair is wearing glasses a black shirt, grey shorts, black socks and is carrying a black bag.
The person is wearing a dark shirt, dark shorts, and dark shoes with a low hanging backpack.
The back of person with short dark hair who is wearing a dark colored short sleeve shirt, grey shorts, shoes, and is carrying a bag over the right shoulder.
The woman has long dark hair.  She is wearing a white long sleeved shirt and a red skirt.
This person is  warmly dressed with a  heavy white  shirt  and  red  dress on  and  they also have  shoulder length hair.
A man walks in a crowded space he is wearing glasses, a t-shirt, and gray pants.
The man is wearing a black t-shirt and grey jeans. His shoes are black and white.
black logo t shirt; brown and black bookbag across his shoulder; brown cargo shorts; nike tennis shoes with matching nike socks
The man wears a dark blue, short sleeved t-shirt with a white graphic on the front, tan cargo shorts and black and white sneakers. He has on glasses and is wearing a gray messenger style bag over his shoulder.
The man is wearing a dark navy blue short sleeve shirt. He has on khaki cargo pants and white/black tennis shoes. He is wearing glasses and is carrying a gray crossbody bag. 
The man is wearing a dark shirt, blue jeans, and dark shoes.  He is holding a dark blue or black bag in his left hand, and his right arm is being held by a lady.
A man wearing a black t-shirt, a pair of gray jeans, a pair of black shoes and a bag on his left hand.
The man is wearing a black short sleeved shirt, blue jeans, and black shoes.  His left wrist bears a watch or bracelet.  He is carrying a black bag with brown handles in his left hand.
Man is wearing jeans, dark shoes and a dark short sleeve shirt.  He is carrying a dark bag in his hand.
The man is wearing dark colored pants, dark colored shoes, and a green shirt. He wears glasses and carries a bag across his body.
A man wearing a green shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
Man is wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt that is zipped up the front. He has on black pants, white shoes and is carrying a backpack.
The Youngman has on a gray jacket , black pants, and red and white shoes on .
He is wearing tennis shoes, long black pants, and a grey jacket unzipped a little with a black shirt underneath. He is carrying a backpack on two shoulders.
He is wearing a grey hoodie over a black shirt. He is wearing glasses, black pants, and red and white sneakers.
This individual is wearing a grey zip up jacket, black shoes and black pants. She is not carrying anything. 
The man is wearing a grey hoodie, slim dark pants, and black shoes with light stripes.
The person is wearing a grey sweat shirt that has a hood and black pants and dark gym shoes.
He is wearing black shoes, long black pants, and a dark grey long sleeved jacket with a hood zipped up all the way.
A woman wears a white shirt with writing on the back, a pair of black pants and a pair of pink shoes.
The woman is wearing salmon colored Nike shoes.  She has black pants and a light pink top and is holding a shopping bag in her right hand.
He has  bright  blonde  hair  and  is  wearing  a blue shirt  with  a  shape  in  all   white .  He is  also  wearing  black pants  and  black  tennis  shoes .
The man is young, has short sandy blonde hair, and is wearing a blue overshirt
The thin young woman carries a white backpack hanging rather low on her back. Her calves are bare, and she wears running shoes.
The person is wearing tan khakis and white shoes and is carrying a very large white backpack.
The man is wearing a red shirt with a white stripe.  He has on blue shorts and dark shoes.  It looks like he might have a backpack on.
A young man wearing glasses has on sandals, a red shirt and a black backpack.
A man wearing glasses, a red shirt with white and black stripes, a pair of blue shorts and a pair of brown sandals.
An adult male with dark hair is walking down the street wearing a burgundy top, shorts and dark shoes.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black jeans and a pair of gray shoes.
The woman wears long dark colored pants and a white long sleeved shirt. She carries a beige bag with black writing on her right shoulder.
A woman in black pants, a jacket, and long black hair is walking around outside.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of gray shoes on her feet.
The woman is walking away pushing a stroller. She has dark brown hair that is pulled into a bun with a light hair accessory. She wears sandals and a blue and white striped dress covered with a dark patterned shawl.
The woman wears a black and white patterned shirt. She wears a skirt with black and white horizontal stripes. Her hair is in a bun and she pushes a red stroller.
The older lady is wearing a black and white, horizontally striped skirt with a black and white long sleeved shirt. She has on brown flip flops and her hair is in a bun. She is pushing a red stroller.
The woman has black hair pulled into a bun. She wears a black and white striped dress and a black and white patterned shawl. She wears dark sandals.
A woman standing facing the opposite direction wearing a blue and white dress with a dark colored scarf with dark shoes. 
He has  short  black hair  and is  wearing  glasses  .  He is also  wearing  a red shirt  and  is  holding paper work in one hand .
A man with black hair is wearing glasses, a red collared dress shirt, black pants, a black bag and he is holding a stack of white papers.
A man wearing a red shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black glasses.
The man has short, dark hair. He is wearing glasses, a deep red shirt and jeans. He is carrying a white notebook against his chest.
A man wearing eyeglasses looks to his left, has his hands clasped in front of his body below his waist, and lifts his left leg behind him. He wears a short-sleeve, gray shirt, with open collar and buttoned front over blue jeans and light-gray shoes.
A woman with a black ponytail has on a red jacket and black pants and has a phone by her ear.
Female with dark hair, bangs. Red zippered thigh length jacket with white on top and black trim on bottom. Skinny jeans, dark shoes. Holding light colored bag in right hand, phone in left.
A woman with black hair in a pony tail is wearing a red coat, dark pants, and dark shoes. The woman also is holding a cell phone up to her ear in her left hand. 
The woman is wearing a bright red coat with a tan fur collar, grey jeans, and is carrying a large bag over one shoulder. She is talking into her phone.
He has  short  cropped hair   and  is  wearing a  white  shirt  and  short pants  with  tennis  shoes .
The man wears a black and white t shirt black shorts as he stand along the sidewalk near a green rail.
The individual has short dark hair and is wearing a bright, light green polo-style shirt. Their shorts are dark grey and they're wearing dark-colored flip-flops.  There is a bag strap over the right shoulder and crossing their torso to the left side.
A man stands looking ahead, he is wearing a green collared shirt, carrying a messenger bad and wearing shorts and sandals.
Man with dark hair is wearing a bright light green tee shirt and dark blue shorts and flip-flip sandals. 
A man wearing a black and white shirt, a pair of black and white pants and a large black bag over his left arm.
The person is walking. The person is holding a bag on his back. The individual has light pants on.
A woman in a gray and black skirt, a pair of brown shoes and a black blouse.
The woman can be seen from the back, and is wearing a black tee shirt and floral print skirt. The skirt is black and white and her hair is pulled back off her neck. 
A woman with short black hair is walking. She is wearing a black top with a black and white printed skirt and sandals.
The man is wearing a black shirt and black/green shorts.  He is wearing a black baseball cap.
He has  short  black hair  and  is  wearing  glasses . He is  also  wearing  all  black  clothes .
He has short black hair  and  is  wearing  glasses . He is also  carrying a  black bag .
This person is wearing a short sleeved, black shirt, dark shorts, and dark shoes. The person has a black over the shoulder bag.
This person has dark hair and wears a dark colored shirt with dark shorts that comes to just above the knee and carries a bag over the right shoulder.
The woman is walking through grass in a long, red skirt and a long-sleeved white shirt.  She has long dark hair. 
 person wearing long red skirt and baggy long sleeve white shirt of jacket average sized build
The man wears a black short-sleeve shirt and jeans. He carries a shopping bag in his left hand.
A man walks in a shopping mall he is wearing a black shirt and jeans with sneaker shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt with a white picture, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
A slender young man with shirt dark hair wearing glasses, a dark blue t-shirt, long khaki shorts, and black and white sneakers.
A man wearing a black shirt with a white picture on the front of it, a pair of glasses, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
Man is dressed in black pants and a black short sleeve shirt, he is carrying a black bag in his hand.  His shoes are also black.
A man wearing a black t-shirt and blue jeans. he has a bag across one of his Shoulders and is carrying another bag in his left hand. 
Man with black hair wearing a black short sleeved tee shirt over dark blue jeans with black shoes carrying a black handbag and wearing a watch on the left wrist.
The man is wearing a black tee shirt and jeans with black shoes.  In his left hand, he's carrying a bag.  He's walking with a girl dressed in white.
Man with short black hair and glasses is wearing a green g-shirt and a pair of black pants.
The man has black hair and is wearing glasses.  He is wearing an olive green shirt, gray pants, and black shoes.
A man with short black hair is wearing a dark shirt under a grey sweatshirt, dark pants and white shoes with black on them. The man is also wearing a backpack. 
He is wearing red and white shoes, long black pants, and a grey jacket with a hood and white laces hanging down in the front. His jacket is unzipped a little with a dark shirt with a white design on the chest underneath. He is wearing glasses.
The man is wearing a gray hooded sweat shirt and dark trousers. His shoes are gray and white sneakers and he is carrying a back pack.
He is wearing white shoes with red laces, long black pants, and a grey hooded zip up jacket with a black shirt with a red design on the front underneath. He is wearing glasses and is carrying a backpack over two shoulders.
This man is wearing a grey jacket with black pants and black shoes. The jacket has a black zipper which is zipped to the top.
He has  a slightly  larger  build  and wide shoulders  . He  is  wearing  a grey  sweater  with  a  hood  on it  and  black  pants .
A person with short black hair is wearing a grey hooded sweatshirt, with jeans and dark tennis shoes. 
This is a young adult Asian male with short black hair wearing black shoes black trousers and a light gray zipper hoodie type sweatshirt
A woman wearing dark colored jeans, orange colored tennis shoes and a light colored t-shirt carries a large purse and a shopping bag through an indoor mall.
A woman wearing a pink shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of pink shoes and a rainbow bag over her right shoulder.
The man has blond hair and is wearing a dark blue sweater with a white triangle on the front and a button down white shirt underneath with black pants and black high-top sneakers.
A man wearing a white and purple shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of shoes.
The lady has long black hair and she's wearing a grey sweater, a white skirt with colorful print and tan high top tennis shoes. 
Person is wearing shorts, has athletic shoes or sandals on,  and has a very large white packback.
A man has on a red shirt with one white horizontal stripe along the check area.  There is a white vertical stripe on the left and right side of the shirt.  He  has on blue shorts.
This man appears to be young with dark, short cropped hair and wearing glasses.  His shirt appears to be red or burgundy with a white stripe across the front and down the entire side.  He is also wearing a pair of knee length shorts with some type of print on the side.  He is also wearing sandals and carrying a backpack.
This man is wearing a red shirt that has a white stripe across the front, and denim shorts. He is carrying a backpack on his back.He is wearing black sandals.
The man is wearing a red, plain shirt with dark grey shorts.  He has on dark shoes.  
A woman with long black hair is wearing a grey shirt, black pants and has a very large tan bag.
This girl has long brunette hair, and is wearing black pants, a grey sweatshirt, and black and white running shoes.
A woman with long black hair is wearing glasses, a tan long sleeve top, black pants and a tan bag.
She has  long  black hair  that  goes past her shoulders  . She is wearing a  white  top  and  is  carrying a large  black  and white  bag .
The woman was wearing a striped blue and white dress with black sandals. She was also wearing a black shaw and pushing a stroller.
the woman is wearing a patterned black and white shirt with a black and white striped skirt.  
A mother shopping in a mall with her child in a red stroller on a summer day.
A woman waring a black and white stripe dress, a pair of black shoes and a lack and white scarf around her neck.
The woman is wearing a blue and white striped dress and brown shoes. She has a black and white shawl over her shoulders.
A man wearing a red shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of glasses and a black bag on his left shoulder.
A man wearing a red shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of glasses on his face.
His wearing a red shirt with dark pants, he is also looking down holing several notebooks on his hand. He is also wearing a backpack, glasses and a dark hat. 
This person is carrying white papers in his hands and is wearing a red sweatshirt with a backpack slung over his shoulder.
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man wearing a blue shirt with buttons, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white and black shoes.
Woman in over drawn coat with white bag in hand and heels with dark hair
The woman with dark hair has all black clothes and shoes with a white handbag.
The individual appears to be female with short dark hair, wearing a stylish black coat that falls above the knees, and black heels with red soles.
A woman wearing a long black coat, a pair of black shoes and a pair of white panty hose.
A woman wearing a dark black shiny jacket, a pair of black high heels and a black strap at the bottom of her coat between her legs
This woman is wearing a dark colored shirt with a peach-colored, long-sleeved jacket over it.  She has on white pants and putty colored shoes.  
the woman is wearing a pink blouse over a black shirt with white pants and grey tennis shoes.
A woman in a black blouse, a pair of white pants and a pink shirt over the black tank top.
The woman is wearing a pink blouse with white pants. She wears white flat shoes.
The man has dark colored hair and is wearing dark-colored jeans, white shoes, and a blue plaid shirt.
The boy has a blue plaid shirt with long sleeves and black pants.  He wears glasses.
A man wears a blue and white long sleeved pleaded shirt and black pants with white sneakers he holds a phone inside his hand.
Male with dark hair and glasses, wearing a plaid multi-tone blue long sleeved, button down shirt, dark pants and light colored lace up shoes.
She has shoulder  length black hair  and is wearing  glasses .   She is  also  wearing a  all  black outfit  and  is  carrying a  red  bag .
A woman wears eyeglasses, looks to her left, has strands of hair lifted to the side of her head, and carries a flat, red bag under her left arm. The woman wears a black dress, with a V-neckline, sleeves rolled to the elbows, fitted waist and short hem.
The woman wears a black shirt and black pants. She has long black hair and a red purse on one shoulder.
She has  short  black hair  and  is  wearing  a  colorful  shirt  . She  is  also carrying   several  bags.
A woman wears a colorful blouse, a pair of green pants and a pair of brown boots.
This man is balding and is wearing a purple shirt with a stripe and black pants.
A man wearing a gray shirt with black stripes, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
This woman is wearing a red shirt and black pants with grey and white shoes. She has her hair pulled up in a ponytail and is facing to the left. She is wearing glasses. She has a brown purse strapped over her right shoulder and across her chest.
A woman wearing a red shirt with black writing, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
A man wearing a red shirt with black writing on it, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The lady wears a red t shirt black stretch pants with grey blue and white sneakers she carries a brown fashion shoulder bag.
A woman wearing a red shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
A man wearing a black sihrt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The individual appears to be male with long medium brown hair and facial hair; he is wearing a black tee-shirt, black pants, dark shoes, and is wielding a dark object in his right hand.
A man wearing a dark black shirt, a pair of dark black pants a black hat and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing a gray tee shirt, gray shorts, and sneakers. He has on a lime green backpack and a watch on his right wrist.
He  has  short  black  hair  .  He is  carrying  a  neon  green back pack .He is   wearing a  grey shirt .
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black and white plaid shorts and a pair of black glasses.
The woman is wearing a white blouse with a ruffled shoulder and black shorts. She is carrying a brown bag and a red purse.
This person has white shirt and dark shorts or possibly a skirt. She is holding 2 bags. She has long dark brown hair. 
The woman has long dark hair on and a white shirt with a black skirt, she has flats on.
The woman has long, straight dark hair.  She is wearing a light colored shirt, black skirt at the knee, and tan shoes.
A woman holds a white, vertical object in her right hand. She wears a dark necklace, white blouse with round neckline, black slightly flared skirt and white shoes.
This woman is carrying an orange back with a white and purple large checkered shirt and gray pants with dark shoes.
The woman has her right hand up close to her face wearing a white and black striped shirt with a pair of grayish pants and carrying a orange purse
this woman is wearing tall black boots. she also has on dark jeans as well as a light pink shirt underneath a flannel patterned- red and white cropped shirt. she is holding a red/orange shoulder bag. 
A woman with a ponytail carries a small gray shopping bag with a yellow item inside and an oblong, brown, leather backpack on her back. She wears a deep-blue, short-sleeve shirt over light-gray leggings and black shoes with white edging. 
A woman wearing glasses holds a filled, small white shopping bag, with black horizontal stripes, in her hand and carries a drooping black backpack on her back. She wears a bright-blue, short-sleeve blouse with ruffed sleeves, over light-blue leggings and black shoes trimmed with white around the edges and toe.
A woman wearing sunglasses carries a small white shopping bag with black horizontal lines and filled with yellow items and a dark-red backpack on her back. She wears a deep-blue short-sleeve top with horizontal navy-blue bands over light-gray leggings and black shoes with white edging.
She has  her  long  black hair  up in  a  pony  tail.  She is  also  wearing a  blue shirt   and  grey pants   .  She is  also  carrying a white  hand bag .
A  woman looks to her left and her hair hangs straight over her head. She is wearing a light-gray sweater with sleeves pushed up to her elbow with a slanted front panel over slim light-blue jeans and flat shoes.
the woman is walking and has on jeans, a grey cardigan, and she has long, dark hair. 
This woman has long dark brown hair and she's wearing a gray jacket over a black t shirt and denim jeans as she looks to the side.
Female with long dark hair has on a gray coat with black tank top underneath.  She is wearing jeans with sandals. 
The person is wearing a white tee shirt and gray capri pants with dark shoes and a black backpack with a red back pocket.
A young male wearing a white t-shirt with tan shorts. He is also wearing a dark back pack.
The man is walking in a white short-sleeved t-shirt with loose and sporty gray shorts. He has on a black backpack and has short dark hair.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A boy wearing a pair of black shorts, a pair of gray shoes and a blue shirt.
This young man  has dark hair and is wearing glasses.  He is weariing a shirt with a design it and dark capri pants.
The dark haired main is walking away. He is dressed in black shoes and dark trousers. He is also wearing a grey shirt or jacket.
A man wearing a gray long sleeve shirt, a pair of dark black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a white shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
A man wearing a red shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white and gray shoes.
The man is wearing a red short sleeve t-shirt with white writing on it. He is also wearing black pants and white tennis shoes while carrying a white and green shopping bag.
The man has short black hair. He is wearing a red short sleeve shirt, black pants, and white shoes. 
Tall dark haired man wearing a red polo with a black collar that matches his black pants & black wrist watch on his left arm. 
The woman is wearing a black short and white doll shoes. She is carrying a blue backpack and has a white handbag hanging on her arm.
The man in the white shoes is also wearing a blue polo and black shorts. 
The man is wearing a blue shirt and black shorts. He is also wearing a black hat and glasses.
A woman walking and wearing a black coat over her clothes, she is carrying a small white purse. She is wearing high heels.
The woman is wearing a thigh-level black coat and tall black high heels on her feet.
The woman has short black hair. She is wearing a short black coat, and black heels. 
The lady is wearing a black knee length coat. She is wearing shoes with very high heels.
The woman is walking down a street wearing a black winter coat with leather patching. She is wearing black high heels and has short brown hair.
A woman has hair falling over her right shoulder as she walks in profile. She wears a pink sweater open over a black top with deep neckline, and smooth, slim white pants. She carries a small white object in her right hand which is swinging behind her. Her left arm swings ahead. 
The woman is wearing a pink cardigan with black shirt inside and long white pants with grey shoes and her hair is in pony tail.
This lady appears to be wearing glasses and she has her hair pulled to the right side of her shoulder. She is wearing a black shirt with what appears to be a pink sweater over it. She also has on white pants and white shoes.
The woman wears white pants an a pink long sleeved shirt. The woman has brown hair and wears it in a ponytail.
The man is wearing glasses and is wearing a blue plaid shirt and is wearing blue jeans
He is wearing long black pants, glasses, and a blue plaid button up  shirt with a collar. He is wearing grey shoes.
This boy is wearing a blue and white flannel type shirt. He has on jeans and white sneakers.
A man wearing a blue and white checkered shirt, black pants, and white shoes is walking forward. 
The woman wears black and white shoes, dark long pants or tights, and an elbow length v-neck dark dress. She carries a red bag over her right shoulder.
The woman has dark hair and glasses, she is wearing a black dress with a red bag tucked beneath her left arm.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is wearing a long sleeved shirt with a floral print on the back and black sleeves. She is carrying white and orange shopping bags on her left arm. Her pants are long and black. Her wears white sandals.
She  has  short  black hair . She is  wearing  a colorful  shirt  and   black pants  . She is  also  carrying  several  large  shopping  bags  .
The man is wearing a light blue polo shirt with two navy stripes, black slacks, and black shoes.
The bald man has black, baggy pants. His collared shirt is light blue and has a few horizontal stripes.
A woman wearing a red shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white and black shoes.
The woman has long, black hair, pulled back in a pony tail. She is wearing a red t-shirt with black lettering on it. She is also wearing black leggings and high top sneakers. She has a phone in her hand and a handbag over her shoulder.
The girl wears a red shirt with a black graphic in front. She wears black pants and gray shoes  and a purse hangs from her shoulder. She wears glasses.
The woman is wearing a red short sleeved shirt with black pants.  She is also wearing sneakers and carrying a bag. 
The lady wears a red t shirt black pants with white sneakers she carries a brown shoulder bag.
A man with a black hat on wearing a black shirt and black pants is carrying some kind of weapon. 
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes and a black hat on his head.
The man has long black hair, a black beard and moustache and is wearing a black stocking cap, a short-sleeved t-shirt and long black pants.
He has longer black hair, is wearing a gray shirt and green backpack with gray straps and is also wearing gray plaid shorts and gray socks and shoes
The boy wears a gray shirt with darker trim, and plaid shorts in shades of gray. He is carrying a bright green and gray backpack, and wearing tennis shoes.
The young man is wearing glasses. He has a grey t-shirt on, plaid shorts, and blue & orange sneakers on. He is carrying a grey and bright green back pack. 
The woman's long, dark hair and is wearing a white peasant blouse and black shorts.  She is carrying a red handbag on each shoulder. 
She  has  long  black hair  .  She  is  also  wearing  a  white  dress  shirt  .  She  is also  carrying   a  large  hand  bag  .
A woman wearing a white blouse, a short, black skirt and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman wearing a white shirt,a short black skirt and a pair of brown shoes.
She has very long dark brown hair, a very light skin tone and is wearing a white blouse tucked into her black skirt. 
The woman is walking inside wearing a stripped shirt, jeans, black shoes and is carrying an orange purse.
The woman is talking on a cell phone as she walks while carrying an orange shoulder bag and wearing dark slacks and a short sleeve top with a white background and black stripes
The woman has black long hair, glasses, white red pladded short sleeved shirt, white skirt, black pants, black shoes.
A woman with black hair in a pony tail is wearing a bright blue shirt, grey pants, and a brown backpack.
The young woman is walking while carrying a silver bag that is overflowing and wearing tight blue shorts and a blue and black polo shirt
A woman with black hair in a pony tail is wearing glasses, a blue striped shirt, grey pants and sneakers.She has a small bag with yellow objects in it.
A woman with black hair in a ponytail is wearing glasses, a blue t-shirt, grey pants, a red backpack and black and white sneakers.
FEMALE WITH BLACK HAIR PAST SHOULDERS, MAY BE CARRYING DARK SHOULDER BAG. WEARING LONG SLEEVED LIGHT OVERSHIRT OR JACKET OF LIGHT GRAY WITH SLEEVES PUSHED UP TO ELBOW, WITH LIGHT BLUE OR GREENISH GRAY SKINNY LONG PANTS AND TAN SHOES.
Female with shoulder length hair, wearing a grey sweater and jeans.  She is looking at someone to her left.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans, a white sweater and a pair of gray shoes.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans, a gray jacket and a pair of shoes.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of black shoes.
This guy is wearing a white V neck shirt, light colored shorts, has black hair, and is wearing a backpack.
This man is wearing a white short sleeved shirt, grey shorts, and grey shoes. He is also carrying a black book bag on his back.
The man wears a white t shirt grey shorts with grey sneakers he carries a black and burgundy back pack.
He is wearing glasses, dark colored tennis shoes, grey socks, black shorts, and a blue shirt with short sleeves.
He is wearing glasses, dark tennis shoes with white laces, black shorts, and a blue shirt with a picture on the front.
This man is wearing a long-sleeved light blue shirt and black trousers.  He has on dark-colored shoes.
He  has  dark hair  and is  wearing  a light  colored  shirt  .  He  is  also  wearing  dark  black pants .
The girl has a medium-toned complexion and short straight black hair. She is wearing a white short-sleeved t-shirt with a monkey wearing a yellow hat carrying a banana and some wording in pink. She has on dark colored shorts and two-toned slip on shoes. She has a red backpack on her back.
This woman is walking in an urban area she is wearing a white t-shirt and gym shorts she is carrying a backpack and her hair is in a ponytail.
The man is wearing a red polo, black pants, and white shoes. He is carrying a shopping bag.
The man has short black hair and carries a white bag. He is wearing a red shirt and black jeans with white sneakers.
The man is standing still and is wearing black pants and a red shirt with a black collar.
A man facing the opposite direction wearing a black and red collard shirt, black pants, with black shoes. 
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black shorts, a pair of white shoes and a blue back pack.
The girl has black hair with bangs and is carrying a white paper bag. She is wearing a striped shirt with a sweater and jean shorts with with loafers.
A man wearing short blue jean shorts, a pair of brown boots and a black short sleeve shirt.
A man wearing a tight black t-shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A woman with long dark hair wearing a short multi-print dress, black socks and black boots. 
The woman wears a dark colored dress that is sleeveless and knee length as well as a pair of dark boots
The lady has long dark colored hair. She is wearing a dark pattern dress and dark shoes.
A woman wearing a black floral print dress, apair of black shoes and a red bag over her left shoulder.
The man is wearing a long red robe and pants. He is standing with feet wide apart.
A man wearing a pair of red boxer shorts, a pair of black shoes and black socks and a red and black jacket.
The man is wearing a grey designer t-shirt and black shorts. He is wearing black shoes, carries a book in his left arm, and is wearing a black backpack.
The man wears a black pack over his gray t-shirt. He wears matching gray shorts and black sneakers.
The man wears black sneakers, dark colored shorts, and a short sleeved grey t-shirt with a green design on the front. He carries a bag and a book.
The man has black hair and glasses.  He has a backpack on one shoulder and is carrying a laptop or binding in the other hand.  He is wearing shorts and a t-shirt.
long black v neck shirt below waist; black purse worn across her shoulder; black lace up tennis shoes
The man is wearing a black shirt and blue jeans. His shoes are black and he is carrying a bag.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair or blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
This gentleman is wearing what looks like a black sport jacket, black pants, white shirt and black tie.  He also appears to be wearing some sort of turban or hat.
This man is bald with a dark beard.  He is wearing a suit and tie with dress shoes and looking to his left.
The man has a bald head and a beard. He is wearing a black suit with a white shirt and black tie.
A woman wears a sleeveless, light-blue gingham shirt with collar and front buttons inside an elastic-waist, gray miniskirt and blue, lace-up shoes while carrying a red tote bag in one hand.
The woman has medium-length black hair. She is carrying a pink or red handbag and wearing a light-colored sleeveless shirt and a short, pleated gray skirt.
A woman wearing a blue, sleeveless tank top, a pair of blue and white shoes and a short, gray skirt.
A woman wearing a white sleeveless top,a short gray skirt and a pair of white and gray shoes.
The man wears a grey collared shirt and jeans. He has brown shoes and short black hair.
He had dark hair.  He is wearing a red shirt and grey shorts.  He has very thin legs.
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman carries a red tote bag with brown flap and gold snap over her right shoulder and her right elbow is bent and her arm in front of her body. She wears a black jacket over light-gray leggings and tan, wedged-heel shoes.
A woman with long black hair is wearing a black top, grey fitted pants, and orange shoes.
A woman with long black hair is wearing a long black shirt is wearing grey pants, tan shoes and a red bag.
A woman wearing a black jacket over a black shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of gray shoes.
This woman is wearing a white short sleeved shirt, a white skirt, and white flat shoes. She is also carrying a black purse on her shoulder.
The pedestrian with short hair wears a necklace and a bag on her right shoulder. She wearing a matching top and skirt with sandals. 
The woman is wearing a short white dress.  She is carrying a black purse over her shoulder.  She is wearing a necklace.  Her shoes are gray.  As she walks she is looking down.
The lady has a long black ponytail she walks along the side of the grey building she wears a white shirt white skirt with flat white shoes and carries a black shoulder bag.
A man with black hair and glasses, he is wearing a black shirt, black pants, a black leather jacket, white sneakers and he has a black bag over his shoulder
The man is wearing all black.  His shoes are white.  He carries a black bag.
The man is wearing glasses, dark pants, dark jacket and dark shirt.  He is wearing dark sneakers with white soles and accents.
He is wearing a black shirt and jacket with blue jeans. He is also carrying a black bag and wearing white tennis shoes.
A person wearing a long-sleeve shirt, white pants, and dark colored boots. His shirt is pink with a white collar.
The person walking has short dark hair, a long sweater on with light pants and dark colored shoes.
The dark haired woman is wearing white pants, light brown shoes, a white shirt and a peach sweater.
The man is wearing black glasses. He was on boots and jeans. He is also wearing ab pink shirt
A woman's body moves forward before her legs while she carries a gray shoulder bag in front with gray strap over a smooth-and-fitted navy-blue, long-sleeve pullover with gray shorts ending above the knees and gray shoes.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The woman is walking carry a black shopping back and also is carrying a black purse. She is wearing reddish brown shoes, navy pants, a long sleeved white shirt, appears to have Asian heritage, and her head is turned slightly to the side.
A woman wearing a white shirt with long sleeves, a pair of black pants and a pair of red shoes.
The woman is walking and is carrying a black purse around her shoulder. She is wearing a white long-sleeve shirt and black pants. 
Individual viewed from the side, wearing a whilte, long sleeved blouse, hair is in a bun, close to neck.  They are wearing flats and carrying a satchel.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jean pants and a pair of white shoes.
The boy is wearing acid washed jeans, tucked into his white tennis shoes with a black t-shirt.
The man is wearing jeans and a pullover, grey jacket. He is carrying a backpack, wearing tennis shoes, and walking. 
The man has a dark backpack on, is wearing a light, long sleeved shirt, jeans, and white sneakers.
He  has   grey hair  and is  wearing  glasses  . He is  also  wearing  grey  dress pants .
A man who is wearing a white shirt and a black jacket. The man is also wearing glasses and has black hair.
The gray-haired man walks with his arms behind him. He wears loose gray slacks and sandals.
An older man is walking with his hands behind his back and wearing glasses with gray pants and stripped plaid shirt.
A young man wearing a light yellow shirt, blue shorts and sneakers is walking. From behind, he has dark, close cropped hair.
A young man with glasses is wearing a yellow t-shirt with black script and a set of rectangular designs over blue knee-length shorts which have a pleated pocket with a closing flap and a pair of darker blue running shoes.
A man wearing a yellow t-shirt, blue shorts, and sunglasses walks outside with another person.
A kid wearing a yellow shirt, a pair of blue cargo pants, a pair of blue and white shoes and a pair of glasses.
This person has a white band in their  hair he or she is wearing a pancho in salmon color with a yellow bend on the bottom as well as a dark tight pants and dark shoes.
INDIVIDUAL WEARING WHITE HEADBAND AND CARRYING LARGE BLACK DRUM WITH ORANGE AND WHITE DECORATION. DRUM IS STRAPPED ON. ALSO WHITE BAND OR BRACELET ON LEFT WRIST. WEARING WHITE OR PINKISH ELBOW LENGTH PONCHO TYPE JACKET WITH BLACK PANTS AND WEARING BLACK SHOES OR BOOTS.
A PERSON IN A COLORFUL OUTFIT OF ORANGE TOP AND BROWN SLACKS AND BOOTS. IN TEIR HAIR THET WEAR A WHITE HEAD BAND.
This girl is wearing a black jacket over a white/black striped short sleeved shirt, black shorts, and white shoes. She is also wearing prescription made glasses and is holding a small white bag in her hand.
The man wears a black t-shirt. He wears light blue shorts and brown shoes. He wears a grey backpack.
This young man is wearing blue jean shorts a pair of dark boots with a black t-shirt and a dark colored back pack.
The woman has on a high-low style floral dress and black booties. She is a Caucasian female with dark hair.  
The woman is wearing a black and flower-patterned dress which reaches her knees. She is also wearing black boots.
She  has  shoulder  length   black hair .  She is  wearing   a nicely  designed    dress  with low  cut boots .
The lady is wearing a short sleeved black dress with a low neck line and dark boots.
The gentleman wears a long  black and red suit with black sneakers as he meditates inside a room on the floor.
The man wears a red karate suit jacket red shorts with black boots as he stands inside a room on the floor meditating.
This person has glasses and is wearing a dark green shirt with English writing across the front and carrying a book in his left hand and a bag over his right shoulder while wearing shorts.
Young adult male. Wearing a black shirt, shorts, and backpack. He appears to be looking at something above him.
A man wearing a gray shirt with writing on the front, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A man with short dark hair wearing glasses wearing a grey t-shirt with a white logo across the chest, dark colored shorts and dark shoes.  He is wearing a backpack over his right shoulder and carrying something in his left hand/arm
Lady wears a black crew neck t-shirt with a blue pair of jeans and black sneakers.
He has short hair and is dressed on a long black shirt, jeans, black shoes and is carrying a black shoulder bag.
A woman, who is wearing a black short sleeve shirt, jeans and black shoes and is clutching a black bag with one hand, and a man, who is wearing a black v-neck short sleeve shirt, jeans and tennis shoes, are holding hands and walking 
A woman with short dark hair, black shirt, jeans and tennis shoes in a public location.
A man wearing a black jacket, a white shirt, a black tie and black shoes with black pants.
Man is wearing a black business suit with a white collar dress shirt.  The blazer is unbuttoned.  He has a black tie.  
A bald man with a beard in a black suit with a blueish tie and a white dress shirt. 
The woman is wearing casual summer apparel and holding  a pink purse in what appears to be a shopping mall.
A woman is carrying the handles of a deep-pink handbag in her hand. She is wearing a light-blue, sleeveless, button-front blouse, a gray miniskirt with many folds, and deep-blue shoes. 
The girl is wearing a sleeveless shirt that is pale blue with a gingham pattern. She is wearing a short grey skirt and blue and white sneakers. She is carrying a handbag that is pink or red. She has dark hair that goes to her mid-back.
A woman with long black hair wearing a white top with a light grey skirt and blue sneakers carrying a light red handbag.
A man with a gray shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
A man in gray board shorts and a bright red t-shirt carries a brown shoulder bag and walks out of a large store.
A person holds a light-colored object with the right hand while wearing a blue polo shirt with short sleeves over darker skinny jeans and dark shoes with white edging.
The woman has woman has long black hair and has on a long black shirt and red bag. She is wearing gray jeans. 
A woman wearing a black jacket over a gray shirt, a pair of brown shoes.
The woman is wearing a black coat with blue jeans and brown wedged shoes, she is also carrying a red purse.
The woman is wearing a black long-sleeved jacket with a black t-shirt under it.  She has on grey pants or jeans.  She has long black hair.
Young woman with dark hair in ponytail wearing a white skirt and sleeveless top with necklace and a brown purse.
A woman in a white tank top, a pair or black shoes and a white skirt.
The woman looks like she may be walking to work.  She's wearing a white dress with a large chunky style necklace and carrying a large black handbag on her right shoulder.
A woman with a white skirt and white matching tank top is wearing a black necklace with a black handbag.  She has long black hair in a ponytail. 
A pedestrian walking forward carrying a black bag on their left shoulder is wearing a black jacket over and black shirt, black pants, and black and white shoes. 
The man has a short black hair cut. He is wearing a black jacket, black pants, white sneakers, and is carrying a black bag.
He has longish hair and glasses and is wearing a gray jacket and sweater with black pants and sneakers.
Confident looking guy, wearing a leather jacket, with the collar "popped". His shoes are white.  He has a dark messenger bag .
A person wearing a pink sihrt, blue jeans and a pair of dark colored boots with shoe laces. 
Women facing away from the camera.  Has a tan sweater and white pants on.  Tan dress type shoes, showing that she is in mid stride.  Right hand toward the back and left hand toward the front.
The female is wearing white pants and a white shirt under a light tan sweater. She has short black hair.
The man is wearing a light pink shirt and a white undershirt. He is wearing light colored jeans and brown leather boots. 
The woman is wearing a black long sleeve shirt and grey shorts with gray sandals. She is also carrying a grey purse.
Woman is walking across a street looking to her right with sunglasses propped on her head. She is waring khaki shorts, a blue sweater and sandals. She is carrying a beige bag across her shoulder.
She is wearing black pants with a long sleeve white shirt. She is carrying a black briefcase in one hand and a small black bag over her other shoulder. 
A person walks in a white long sleeved shirt and black pants walks carrying a brief case in one hand and what appears to be purse straps over the opposite shoulder.
This a woman walking from behind. She has short black hair. She is wearing a white long sleeve shirt. She has a black bag strap around her neck and across her left shoulder. She is wearing black pants and brown shoes. 
A woman in a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of pink shoes.
He has  short  black hair  .  He  is  wearing a   dark shirt   and light  colored  blue  jeans .
The man wears a dark shirt, with jeans and white sneakers. The man is reaching in his back pocket.
This man has short black hair and he's wearing a gray sweatshirt, blue jeans and he's carrying a black backpack on his back.
The young man is wearing a grey jacket with blue jean pants, he is also carrying a black book bag.
A man who is wearing a black and white stripped shirt and gray pants. He is carrying something behind his back.
A man with short black hair, wearing glasses, a black jacket and a white shirt is walking. 
A man wearing a white and gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a gray and white shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of glasses.
A man with dark hair is wearing a yellow short sleeved tee shirt, blue cargo shorts and dark colored tennis shoes with white soles.
A man wearing a yellow shirt, a pair of blue shorts and a pair of dark blue shoes.
He has  short black cropped hair  and  is  wearing  glasses  . He is  also  wearing a light shirt  and  blue  short pants  .
A kid wearing a bright yellow t-shirt, a pair of blue shorts, a pair of blue shoes and a pair of glasses.
The person is wearing a multi-colored top that is a solid color on top and a print on the bottom of the shirt. They wear dark colored boots and play some sort of instrument.
This person is carrying and playing drums. They have a white headband on. They have a light jacket and dark pants.
A person wears a white headband over a pink jacket with slanted hem trimmed in white over a black skirt with white clusters of dots over narrow black pants and black boots while carrying an oversized spoon across her back.
He has  a  white  band  around  his head .  He is also wearing  a pink over shirt  .
A woman holds the straps of an orange handbag in one hand and carries a hanging object in the other hand while wearing a pink outfit consisting of a pink t-shirt and matching pants with a black geometric shapes over white sandals.
A woman wearing a pink shirt, a pair of pink pants and a pair of pink and white shoes.
A man wears a black ascot over a white shirt with a short maroon jacket with tails over a midi-skirt with long slit on the left side revealing red tights over black shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants, a black jacket, a brown neck tie and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is wearing her dark hair up in a bun and has a white short sleeved shirt and black stretch pants.
A woman with a thick ponytail looks to her side while dressed in a lacy overlay, short-sleeve, white blouse with V-neckline over black leggings and tan sandals.
The woman standing is wearing a black long sleeves collared shirt and a printed fitted pants.
An older woman with short grey hair who is wearing a black long sleeved shirt and floral patterned tight leggings.
This man is wearing a black coat and gray/black pants. His shoes are not visible.
Older woman wearing black button down shirt, black pants, and white shoes. She is walking towards the camera. 
The man is wearing a black jacket with grey camo printed pants and white shoes.
The guy has short black hair. He is wearing glasses. He has on a light colored shirt and black pants with black and white nike sneakers. He is carrying a black backpack. 
Male, short dark hair, glasses, light grey sweatshirt with medium blue vertical stripe on right side dark backpack, jeans and sneakers
Man is wearing a blue and white jacket with black pants. He has a black backpack on his back.
The man is wearing a blue and white sports jacket, blue jeans, and tennis shoes. He is also wearing a black backpack.
A woman's hair hangs over her back and front shoulders, she carries a slanted white tote bag with brown handle at her right hip with the strap across her right shoulder. She wears a black-and-gray top with wide horizontal stripes, black leggings and white shoes.
The woman is walking to the right. Her purse, light in color, hangs at her right side. her shirt has broad stripes of white and black.
A women with long black hair, wearing a black and white striped shirt, dark pants and sneakers is carrying a white bag while walking. 
A woman wearing a white and black striped shirt with dark blue jeans carrying a white shoulder purse
The man wearing glasses with short dark hair is wearing a light colored shirt, a long sleeved black pullover jacket, light pants and dark shoes is carrying objects in both hands.
The man has short brown hair, a dark jacket, white shirt, long khaki pants and dark shoes carrying a back pack in his left hand.
A woman wears a fuzzy, brown jacket that is waist length and open to show a red blouse, black belt with large gold closures and a slender pink pencil skirt.
A woman is excitedly trying on colorful, fashionable clothes at a clothing store while facing the wall.
A woman wearing a light pink dress, a gold belt, a pair of white shoes and a fur hat.
They have on a  black tank top, green knee length  cargo shorts, flip-flops, and nothing in their hands.
A man with black hair wears tank top color black with blue words. Man has green shorts. 
A short-haired muscular man is wearing a black sleeveless shirt with a large blue decal. He is also wearing knee lenght gray shorts and flip-flops. He is walking directly toward the camera.
A man wears a black tank. The man has on a dark green pants. He carries big water plastic bottles.
A man with short hair wearing a t-shirt and jeans and light colored tennis shoes.
Man walks with left leg in front wearing a light green tee shirt and jeans and canvas shoes.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray and white shoes.
The person is wearing a dark blue t shirt with green cargo shorts, carrying a red backpack. He or she is wearing blue shoes.
A white person with short dark hair in a blue short sleeve shirt and gray shorts carrying a pink backpack while walking.
A woman waring a blue shirt with a logo, a pair of gray shorts, a pair of black shoes and a bag on her left arm.
A dark haired man, wearing a blue shirt and shorts, is carrying a red backpack while walking past a store front. A dark haired woman with a white shirt, jeans, and sneakers walks alongside the man. She is carrying a large, black purse.
The man has dark sneakers on and wears a white t-shirt. His is wearing black shorts and has short black hair. 
A man in white t-shirt and long black shorts wearing grey sneakers is turning to his right and wears a watch on his left hand. 
A man in a white shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes on his feet.
This dark haired man has on a white short sleeved shirt that hangs down loosely over his pant top. His pants end just below his knees and he is striding along with purpose.
The man is wearing black skinny jeans, a black and gray jacket, and a backpack. He is wearing glasses and black and white sneakers.
This man is wearing a black and grey zip up jacket, a black shirt and black pants. His shoes are grey, black and white. 
A man with a hoodie on and jeans is walking with his hand in his pocket. 
Person is wearing a gray jacket with black sleeves, black pants and white sneakers. They are wearing glasses and a dark colored backpack. 
A man wears a black shoulder bag on his back with the strap going over his left shoulder. He wears a white, short-sleeve shirt with even hem over blue, knee-length shorts and white-and-black running shoes.
The person has short dark hair and is wearing a white short sleeve shirt and shorts and is carrying a small black backpack across the left shoulder.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The man is staring downward at his cellphone on the edge of a street. He has light skin and dark brown hair and is wearing a green shirt and khaki shorts. 
He has  short black hair  and is  wearing knee length brown short pants  .He is  also  wearing  pink shoes .
This is a man with short black hair looking down at his phone. He has on a green short sleeve shirt. He is wearing brown shorts. He has black socks and red shoes. 
A man wearing a pair of glasses, a green sihrt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of purple shoes.
HE IS CARRYING A BLACK BAG WITH STRAPS AS HE WALKS THROUGH WITH A WHITE SHIRT
A woman carrying a purse at her side wears sneakers, jeans and a tee shirt walks in a mall.
A woman wearing a blue and white stripe shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of purple shirt.
A woman wearing a gray and black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman wearing a black and white stripe shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
A girl with long black hair wearing an olive green shirt with black denim pants. She is carrying a red backpack.
The woman wears a gray sweater and black pants. She is walking with a red backpack on.
A woman has a bent right knee while walking with a red backpack with black straps on her shoulders. She wears a light-blue, long-sleeve cardigan over a collared shirt, black leggings and black shoes.
A woman with long black hair is wearing a grey shirt, brown pants and has a bright red backpack.
The person is wearing a long dark short and a pair of long pants.  The person is carrying a shoulder bag.
He is wearing neon yellow tennis shoes, loose light colored pants, and a black shirt with short sleeves. He is carrying an orange and black bag.
A man wearing a yellow shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of bright pink shoes.
The man wearing glasses is walking in a mall. He is wearing a yellow shirt, black shorts, black socks and red shoes. He is carrying a black book bag. 
The man is wearing a black shirt underneath a yellow robe, black pants and black shoes.  He has a white headband on and is carrying a drum.
She  has  straight  black hair  that  goes past her  shoulders  .  She  is   also wearing  all  pink  and   is  carrying   a  orange bag .
Woman wears a pink short-sleeved shirt, long pink pants that are rolled-up at the bottom and gray sandals.
The man has short brown hair. He is wearing a white shirt, black jacket, black pants, and black shoes. 
The man has short brown hair is dressed in a fancy suit/tuxedo with a white shirt and black overlay, and has shiny black dress shoes on.
This woman is dressed in white and black and has her hand by her head as she walks through the mall
A woman with her hair pulled back into a ponytail .Is wearing a white shirt and black pants with white sandals.Her hair color is black. 
The older woman is wearing a black button up shirt with patterned pants and a watch. 
She has  short  black  hair    and is  wearing  glasses  . She  is  also  wearing a  black  shirt  with   black and  white  pants  to  match .
The woman has short hair. She is wearing a dark color long jacket and black and white printed leggings. She has her back to the camera.
A woman wearing a dark black jacket with buttons, a pair of black and white pants and a pair of white shoes.
A man wearing a black jacket, a pair of gray and white pants and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing a grey jacket, black pants, and a black backpack. His tennis shoes are black and white and he is also wearing black glasses.
Male with dark hair and glasses, wearing a long sleeved gray and royal blue jacket, a black backpack, black jeans and black tennis shoes with white emblem.
The young man is wearing a blue jacket. He is wearing black jeans and  has a black  book bag on his back.
A young man wearing a blue and white jacket, a pair of dark blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
The lady is wearing a black and grey shirt. She has a grey hand bag on her right shoulder. She is wearing black jeans and wearing slippers.
Woman is wearing a white jacket with black stripes and a pair of skinny jeans. She is wearing sneakers and carrying a tan bag.
A woman with long black hair is wearing a black and white striped top, black pants, white shoes and a white purse.
Woman wearing black skinny pants with a black and white stripped shirt. She is also carrying a white bag on her right shoulder.
The man is walking and is wearing a white shirt with a black jacket on top,tan pants and black shoes.He is also wearing glasses and a brown belt
The man is wearing black shoes with black socks. He is wearing a baggy pair of tan cargo pants and he is wearing a black jacket with long sleeves over a white collared shirt.
A woman is dressed in a stunning pink dress along with a fur overcoat and appears to be inside a building of some sort.
The woman has long blonde hair, a yellow hat, brown jacket and a pink skirt.
The woman is wearing a matching tan beret and jacket over a pink dress with a black belt and gold buckle and is carrying two large shopping bags.
The person with dark hair is wearing a black, sleeveless shirt, with green shorts and nude colored shoes. They are walking. 
A man in a black shirt with blue writing on the front, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A man in a black tank top with a blue logo on the front, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of black sandals.
The man is wearing a black tank top, dark shorts and flip flops. He has short dark hair and is carrying a gallon container in each hand.
the man has short dark hair and is wearing an off white shirt, jeans and light colored sneakers.
This person is walking in gym shoes, jeans, and a t-shirt with arms counter balancing their steps.
The man has a short buzz-cut and wears an army green t-shirt, distressed jeans and white shoes. He is walking away from the camera 
The man is wearing a blue top and gray shorts and blue loafers.  His hair is black and he is carrying a red bag.
This person is wearing a blue short sleeved shirt with grey shorts.  He is also wearing blue shoes and carrying a red bag.
The lady wears a blue t shirt green shorts with black flat shoes she walks and carries a red hand bag.
Two people are walking together. They are both holding bags. The one on the right is wearing jeans and the one on the left is wearing shorts.
This is a man with short black hair walking. He is wearing a white short sleeve shirt. He has on black shorts and black shoes. 
The man walking is wear a short sleeve white shirt and black shorts. He has a short hair cut and is wearing a watch on his left hand. 
A man walks in profile as his left arm is at his side and his right arm swings forward. He takes a large step forward with his right leg. He wears a long, white t-shirt with long, black shorts and brown shoes.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A male with short black hair is wearing glasses, a dark sweatshirt, and black pants.
This man is wearing a dark gray zipped up sweatshirt with black long sleeves, black long pants and black and white sneakers.
They have glasses. The y are wearing black shirt with a zipped hoodie that is gray with black sleeves. The zipper of the hoodie is white. The pants are black and the shoes are black and white. The subject is male and appears to be older.
This man is wearing a black shirt with black pants, a black and gray zippered jacket, and white shoes.  He is wearing glasses.
A man walks briskly through a crowded area he has a backsling, blue short-sleeved shirt and shorts.
The man is walking wearing a white shirt, and blue shorts and carrying a tan shoulder bag.
The man is wearing a white short sleeved shirt and black shorts. He has a green crossover bag over his left shoulder. 
The man is visible from the front. He is wearing a green tee shirt with a yellow design on the front and brown shorts at knee level. He has short, dark hair and appears to be looking downward at a cell phone.
A man looks down at a cell phone held in his left hand at midriff level and bends his head down toward the phone. He steps forward with his extended right leg. He wears a gray t-shirt over loose brownish-gray shorts ending below the knees, black socks and red-and-white athletic shoes.
A man in a green shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of red and brown shoes.
The man is wearing an olive green t-shirt with brown shorts. He's wearing red sneakers and is holding his right hand to his mouth. 
The man has short, dark hair. He is wearing a white shirt with a graphic design on it, black pants, and neutral flat shoes. He is holding a black bag.
A man wearing a pink shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
Woman with dark hair, wearing a large striped black and white top and black leggings. She is wearing open toed sandals, and is holding something red in her hands. 
A lady is holding flowers and speaking with someone and she has a tote cart on wheels by her side.
This woman has shoulder length, dark hair. Is wearing a loone stripped blouse and black pants.
A woman steps forward carrying a red gathered  backpack with white trim on the front with her hair hanging over the top. She wears a gray, long-sleeve sweater, over slim black pants and black shoes.
A woman wearing a gray sweater, a pair of black pants and a red back pack on her back.
The woman is wearing a long-sleeved green cardigan sweater and carrying a bright red backpack on her shoulders.
A girl is walking with a red backpack on her back wearing a green sweatshirt.
He is wearing bright yellow tennis shoes, light colored pants, and a black short sleeved shirt. He is carrying a bag over his left shoulder.
 Man wears black T-shirt and gray sweatpants. His shoes are limegreen. He carries a black and red bag. 
The man is wearing bright colored shoes, black shorts and a bright yellow shirt.  He has a black backpack on his back.
the man seems to be anxious and in a hurry to get somewhere or not feeling well
The man is wearing black shorts, a yellow polo shirt, orange Nike tennis shoes and black socks.  He is wearing glasses and has a black backpack on his back.
The man wears a white shirt with dark green shorts. He wears black sandals and a blue backwards baseball cap.
This man has dark hair with a backwards cap on. Wearing a white shirt and gray shorts with black slip on shoes
A man juts his head forward and holds a white plastic bag, with a flat container inside, from his right hand. He wears a short-sleeve gray shirt with even hem over darker gray slacks.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a bag in his right hand.
The man has white curly hair and is wearing a beige short sleeved collared shirt and dark pants.
A man has his left fist in front of his mouth, and his back leg bent while he carries a white plastic bag with a flat container inside. He wears a light-gray polo shirt with short-sleeves and a small side slit over darker gray pants and dark shoes.
A woman wearing a purple shirt, a pair of dark colored pants and a pair of white sandals.
This woman wears a dark pink blouse and black slacks that come down to the middle of her calves.  Her hair is short and black. She wears sandals and a bag is over one shoulder.
The woman wears a pink shirt with short black pants and white sandals. She has short black hair and carries a black shoulder bag.
A woman wearing a pink shirt, a pair o black pants and a pair of brown shoes.
A woman wearing a gray, red and green shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a gray and floral print shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The man is wearing a bright yellow-orange short-sleeved shirt with a black side bag over his shoulder. He has on dark sport shorts with a light stripe down the side and dark sport sandals. He is also wearing glasses.
He is wearing black flip flops, black shorts with a white stripe on the side, and a yellow shirt with short sleeves and a rounded neck. He is carrying a small black bag.
A man wearing a golden shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes.
the pedestrian is wearing a yellow shirt with a black strap over his shoulder. he is wearing black shorts and sandals.
He man is wearing glasses, saggy blue jeans, silver shoes, and a black rain jacket.  He is holding a remote and looking in to the distance.
The man is wearing jeans and back shoes. He has a black jacket and is carrying a piece of paper in his right hand.
The mans hair is dark and short; he is wearing a black jacket, blue jeans and black shoes.
The man is wearing a black a grey shirt with a black over shirt and some blue jeans with black and white shoes. He is also carrying some papers in his right hand.
The boy is wearing a white shirt and blue jean shorts.  He is reaching in his back pocket.
A boy wearing a white and black shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of blue shoes.
male with light skin tone wearing denim shorts, greay tshirt carrying a bag over his shoulder, dark colored hair
A man is walking in the street. He is larger, with a short sleeved grey shirt and blue shorts. He has on a backpack and is wearing sunglasses.
A person with dark hair is visible upright. They are wearing something black around their neck and black clothing. 
Man leans against a handrail with his left elbow propped up, looking down and wearing a black tee shirt and black pants.
The man is wearing light colored shorts, a green short sleeve shirt, and a black hat. He is touching the side of his face.
A white young man in green shirt and white shorts is sitting next to a plant.He also is picking his year.
she has short dark hair is wearing a large white shirt and grey bermuda shorts with sandals.
Someone is standing at the beginning of an escalator, she is wearing a uniform of some type.
A man wearing a pink and white stripe shirt, a apir of blue shorts and a pair of brown sandals.
The man is wearing sandals, blue shorts, and a pink and white striped shirt. He has short black hair.
A man wearing a white and pink shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The guy is walking and carrying food in his hand. He has glasses and is wearing a red and white striped shirt, with blue jean shorts and flip flops.
A man wearing a gray t-shirt, a pair of short black shorts with a slit on the side and a pair of gray shoes.
The man wears a grey t-shirt and black shorts with grey light sneakers as he walks along the sidewalk.
A man in a white t-shirt and black shorts is walking down the sidewalk and carrying a bag.
THe man is wearing black denim jeans and a blue colored, button up, collared shirt, tucked in,.
The man has on black pants and a blue long sleeve shirt, rolled up. He has long black hair.
The women is carrying a white and green bag. She is wearing a black and white striped top and skinny jeans.
The girl is wearing a striped t-shirt with blue jeans and is carrying a black purse with her hair in a ponytail. 
The man is wearing a plaid green black and white shirt. He is wearing gray pants and carrying a black shoulder bag.
A man wearing a black shirt with while stripes, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man is wearing a checkered shirt and a black backpack. He is wearing gray pants and black shoes.
Man is wearing a white collar shirt with blue and green plaid stripes.  He has on gray slacks and is carrying a black bag on his lower back. 
He has  short  black hair   and  is  wearing a black shirt  with  sun glasses  hanging near  the collar  .
The man is wearing camo pants, a black t-shirt, has short black hair, and is walking next to a woman.
The person of unidentifiable gender is wearing dark clothing and a light colored wrap over their head, neck, and right shoulder.
The woman is wearing a black top, black pants, and a scarf. She is carrying a bag on her left shoulder. 
The woman is wearing a light colored top with a dark jacket over it. She has jeans on with light colored shoes. She has a small black handbag and she is wearing sunglasses in her hair. She is carrying something white in her arms.
The girl is wearing green jacket above a pink and white top. She is also wearing long blue jeans pants and white shoes. Her left arm is crossed over her chest onto the handbag on her right shoulder.
The man is wearing a blue t-shirt, long dark shorts, black shoes, and is carrying a black back pack.
This man is wearing a blue shirt and shorts.  The shorts are loose fitting and appear to be a green color.  He's also wearing brown shoes and black socks.  He is carrying a backpack and appears to be wearing some sort of dark colored glasses, probably sunglasses.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black shoes and a pair of black pants.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue and white shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue and white plaid shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue and white plaid shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The man is wearing a dark colored shirt with light stripes. He is wearing blue jeans and tennis shoes.
The man is wearing a dark shirt with grey stripes and denim jeans. He is also wearing black shoes. 
A man with black hair is walking.  He is wearing a black short sleeve shirt, long black pants and white tennis shoes.  He is also carrying a black backpack. 
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
This individual is wearing all dark clothing and has a backpack.  This individual is wearing tennis shoes.  
The man is wearing glasses,black shirt and black pants.He is also carrying a black backpack
A young Asian male carrying a backpack and walking in the mall has on a yellow shirt, black shorts and orange shoes. 
A man wears a navy-blue cap backwards which is covered with four small holes forming a semi-circle over a curved white emblem with a white t-shirt over knee-length gray shorts and tan sandals.
A black haired man is wearing a dark blue baseball cap, a white t-shirt, grey shorts, and black shoes.
Woman carrying a plastic bag with food. She is also wearing a brown polo shirts and dark brown pants.
A man wearing dark colored pants and a gray untucked polo shirt carries a small clear plastic bag of items along an outdoor walk way.
The man is wearing a grey shirt,black pants and black flip flops.He also has grey hair and is carrying a white bag.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The women has short black hair. Shes wearing a purple shirt and black caprese. and white sandals.
A woman wearing a pink shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of brown shoes.
A woman wearing a purple shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of white shoes and a black bag over her shoulder.
A woman walks in a shopping mall, she is wearing a pink shirt, and carrying a bag and is wearing a pair of sandals.
This man is wearing a flowery short sleeved shirt, light blue jeans, and plain black shoes.
A woman walks outside in an urban area, she is wearing a floral printed shirt and white pants.
A person wearing glasses, along with a bright yellow t-shirt and black shorts with a white strips and black sandals.
This  young  man is  wearing  a golden colored  shirt  and  short pants  he  is  also  wearing  flip flops on  his feet .
The man wears a yellow shirt and black shorts. he wears black sandals and a handbag strap across his back.
The man is wearing a yellow T-shirt with black shorts that have a white stripe down the side. He is wearing black sandals and has a thin strapped bag strapped over his chest. He has short black hair.
This is a young adult individual with short black hair olive complexion wearing glasses grey sneakers light blue denim trousers and a black jacket pullover in style 
This man is wearing a dark long sleeved jacket, light baggy fitting blue jeans and gray lace up shoes. He is carrying some paperwork in his right hand.
The man wear a long sleeved black jacket and blue jeans with grey shoes he walks along the sidewalk.
A man wearing a black jacket, blue jeans that are faded, black and white shoes and a pair of glasses.
A boy wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue and gray pants and a pair of red and white shoes.
A young boy with dark skin and short black hair is wearing a grey t-shirt, short jeans, white socks and blue and orange sneakers.
A guy wearing blue jean shorts and a light colored shirt is walking across a cross walk.
Man is wearing a sunglasses, with a grey vest over a grey short sleeved tee shirt and dark colored shorts, with a small bag hanging off his back and low cut dark brown shoes.
Dark haired person wearing black shirt with their right hand on a railing, wearing black pants.
The man wears a black shirt blue pants with blue sneakers he stands against the railing and carries a black shoulder bag.
The man is walking infront of a plant, he is rubbing his ear lobe, wearing a green shirt with greyish shorts.
The person is wearing an olive green v-neck t-shirt, a black beanie, and white shorts.
A person with short black hair who is wearing a white shirt and grey-green shorts.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of white shoes.
The man has short black hair and glasses. He is wearing a red and white striped shirt, grey shorts, and sandals. 
This young man has short hair and is wearing a pink and white striped shirt, blue shorts with a pattern in the fabric, and sandals as he walks away from the camera.
The man is wearing a red and white short sleeved shirt, with a pair of jean shorts, and black glasses.  He has dark short hair also.
A man wearing a pink and white stripe shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The man has short, black hair. He is wearing glasses, a white tee shirt, black shorts, and gray sneakers.
Man is wearing grey shoes with white emblem on the outside left, black shorts and beige t-shirt.
 A man wearing glasses also wearing a grey shirt with short black  shorts with red and grey shoes carrying a bag of some kind 
This man has short black hair and he's wearing a gray button down shirt and black pants.
The man is wearing a gray shirt, with a collar and its long sleeves bunched up above his elbows, dark colored jeans, and black shoes.
The lady wears a t shirt which is white and black stripped with blue jeans.She had hand bag on her left shoulder and a cover on her right hand.
The woman has long hair styled in a ponytail with a light-colored hair tie. She is wearing a striped top, tight blue pants, and is carrying a purse. 
The man has grey slacks. He is wearing a green and black striped shirt. He is carrying a bag with a strap that crosses over his chest.
The person is wearing a black and white plaid shirt, gray pants, and black shoes.
A man carries a black bag on shoulder. He has grey pants. The man has black tennis shoes.
A man in a black and white plaid shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
The young man is wearing a black shirt and black shoes, He is also wearing some green camouflage pants.
The man is wearing a short sleeved black shirt with camouflage long pants.  He has short, dark hair.
The lady wears a black shirt and slacks and has a light colored scarf around her head.
The person has on dark clothes and has a shoulder bag and is carrying a bag too.
A woman wearing a brown shirt under a black jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
The woman is wearing a green, long sleeved jacket, that is over a shirt that has white at the bottom of it, jeans, and white sneakers.
The man wears a gray-blue collared shirt. He wears black shorts and black shoes with black socks. He wears a black backpack.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of dark black shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A man swings his left arm in front of him with one heel on the ground with toe lifted. He carries both a rectangular, black shoulder bag from his left arm and a black backpack on his back. He wears a light-blue, short-sleeve shirt, the tote bag over his hips and thighs, black socks and dark shoes.
A man with short black hair wearing a white shirt and blue plaid shorts with brown flip flops carrying a white bag.
He has  short black  hair   and is  wearing a  white  shirt  . He is also wearing  blue short  pants .
A man with short black hair is wearing a white t-shirt, blue plaid shorts, a black and white backpack and orange flip flops.
He has short hair and is dressed in a black short sleeved button down shirt, jeans and black tennis shoes.
The man is wearing a gray polo shirt with blue stripes across the chest, jeans and a pair of sneakers.
A male with a black and white backpack is wearing a black t-shirt and pants with white tennis shoes.
The boy is wearing a black t-shirt with black jeans and white and black tennis shoes, he is also carrying a back pack.
A person dressed in a black shirt, grey pants, and mixed black and white shoes is near the camera.  He had a large black backpack on his back.  There is a person dressed in black with mixed shoes behind him.
This man has short black hair and wears glasses. He is wearing a black t-shirt with long black pants, and is carrying a black backpack.
A man with black hair and pale skin holding a peach colored object, with tan khaki shorts a white t-short and black boots or black shoes with black socks.
This man has dark hair. He is wearing a white tshirt, tan shorts, and black hightop shoes. He is also wearing a crossbody bag and carrying something under his arm.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of black and gray shoes.
Seen from the back and side, the man has a white T shirt and light colored shorts. A dark khaki bag is slung over his shoulder and he wears black shoes with perhaps black ankle socks. His hair is short.
The woman is wearing a peach colored suit, she has short red hair and she is standing up.
A woman wearing a pink jacket with a tie around the center, a pair of pink pants and a pair of high heels.
The man with his head looking down as he walks is wearing a black button down shirt and a backpack type bag with white printed shoulder straps. 
The man is visible on his left.  He has short black hair, is wearing prescription glasses, has on a black jacket and a black button up shirt underneath the jacket.  He has on black jeans and mostly white tennis shoes with black stripes.
Man with glasses and black hair wearing a black jacket over a black shirt and dark colored jeans and white shoes. 
The man is wearing a black button down shirt, a dark grey vest over it, dark jeans, and white sneakers. He is wearing a white and black print backpack.
The woman is wearing glasses, a dark red coat, blue-grey jeans, and red and white sneakers. She carries a hand bag.
The lady has a long red color top with a red and white shoulder bags with white color sneaker on.
The girl has a long red color cardigan with cross body white and black bags and grey tights with white sneakers.
A woman wearing a long red coat, grey pants, and red sneakers. She is carrying a matching red purse/hand bag.
The man is wearing a navy blue cap, a cobalt blue athletic t-shirt, army green khaki shorts, white sandals, and is carrying a backpack. 
He is  wearing   a base  ball cap   . He  is  also wearing a  dark blue  shirt  and  is   carrying a light  blue  umbrella .
The man is wearing a black hat, blue short-sleeved shirt, gray shorts, and white sandles.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a short black skirt and a pair of gray and white shoes.
Young woman in a short dark dress with white sneakers and socks. She is of asian descent and has dark hair below her shoulder and bangs. 
This man has short black hair and he's wearing glass, a black jacket over a white shirt and blue jeans.
The man has short dark hair. He is wearing glasses. He has facial hair. His coat is dark in color, and he has on a pair of jeans.
The lady wears a white shirt and blue jeans with white flat walking shoes she carries a black hand bag in her hand.
The lady wears a white sleeved shirt and blue jeans with white flat shoes she carries a black hand bag.
A woman with shoulder length black hair is wearing a white shirt and light blue jeans
A woman wearing a pair of blue jeans, a white shirt and a pair of white shoes.
Women walking with shoulder length dark hair wearing eyeglasses. White mid sleeve top and blue jeans with ballet like slipper shoes . Carrying black purse by handle.
The man is wearing a black jacket, jeans, and dark shoes, He carries a back pack with grey and red sides.
This person is carrying a red, black and whit back pack.  He is wearing a dark colored shirt, jeans and sneakers.
A man in a dark sweater, blue jeans, and sneakers. He is wearing a red and grey backpack.
The man is carrying a back pack.  he is wearing a dark color pants with a black color top and dark shoes.
The man is wearing a black shirt and long pants with his right hand inside his pocket. He has the black glasses and carrying a white and black back pack 
Looking through his eyeglasses, a boy wearing a black shirt and a backpack, stares off in the distance.
The man is wearing a black shirt,grey shorts and white shoes.He is also carrying a black backpack and he is also wearing glasses.
The woman is standing while carrying a black backpack and wearing dark shorts and a black top
A man walks away with arms lifted away from his hips while wearing a loose black short-sleeve shirt with even hem over loose black pants and black shoes. 
The man has short, black hair. He is wearing a black collared tee shirt, black pants, and black dress shoes. He is holding a large black bag.
The man is wearing a dark blue shirt with a black bag strap across his right shoulder. He has dark short hair. The lady has medium length dark hair and is wearing a light blue short sleeve shirt and a light colored skirt with a pattern on it. She is whispering to the man.
The woman is wearing an ankle length skirt with a light colored top and open toed shoes. She has medium length dark hair and is wearing glasses. 
The pedestrian with long, dark hair is wearing a white tank top with khaki capris. 
A woman wearing a white blouse with flowers printed on it, a pair of gray pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The woman is wearing a white top and light capri pants. She has on light shoes. Her hair is long and dark. 
This woman has long dark hair that drapes over both her shoulders.  she is wear light colored capri pants and a white blouse.  She carries something light green in her right hand.
A woman wearing a pink shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of brown shoes.
A woman wearing a pink shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The girl is wearing a short green printed skirt with flowers on it, a dark jacket and sandals.  She has a bag over her right shoulder.
A woman wearing a green, white and black dress, a pair of brown shoes and a pair of white shoes. 
The woman is walking holding a shopping bag wearing a black t-shirt with writing, and flowered shorts. She has long black hair and a small face.
A woman wearing a long gray dress with embroidery and a pair of black shoes on her feet.
The lady has long dark hair that is pulled forward across her shoulders. She is wearing a long fancy floor length gown and has her hands in front of her.
This lady wears a blue tee-shirt with some prints in the front and shorts. She is holding a bag on the right side
The woman has on shorts with a dark colored t-shirt and dark colored sneakers. She also has a light colored hand bag on her shoulder
The boy is wearing a blue shirt with shorts. He has on brown sandals and white socks. 
A baby wearing a blue t-shirt and blue shorts with white polka dots. They are looking down at the sandals on their feet.
A boy wearing a bright blue shirt, a pair of blue shorts with white dots and a pair of brown shoes with white socks.
The woman is holding a cell phone in her right hand wearing a white shirt a pair of jeans and has a back pack on her back
A woman with black hair in a pony tail is wearing a white shirt and blue grey pants. She has a large black backpack on her back.
The woman is wearing a white long sleeve shirt,black pants and white flats.She is also carrying a black backpack.
This is a female walking. She has a phone in her hand, she is wearing jeans and a white shirt.
The woman is walking wearing a blue shirt and black pants while carrying a pink handbag.
A woman  wearing a white and blue shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man with short black hair is wearing a black shirt with a white logo, dark pants, white sneakers and a black backpack.
A man wearing a black shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of gray pants and a pair of white shoes.
Male with short dark hair wearing glasses, wearing a black t shirt with what appears to be a face on the front in white, also has a dark bag and dark pants.
The boy is wearing a white shirt with black decal. The boy is carrying a book. This boy is wearing a khaki shorts with black shoes and black socks.
The man has short, dark brown hair. He is visible from the side and is currently walking. He is wearing a white t-shirt, tan shorts, and black shoes. He is also wearing a knapsack on his side.
The rear view of this man shows his carrying a bag that is draped across his back. He is wearing a white shirt, tan shorts and black shoes. He is carrying what appears to be books in his right hand.
The man is wearing a white T-shirt and light grey shorts. He is wearing an olive book bag and is carrying books in one hand.
This woman is looking to her side as she walks towards the camera, she is wearing a red outfit and carrying a bag.
The woman is slender and is wearing a long sleeved, red outfit with high heels.
This dark haired man has a black and white camo backpack, dark grey kpjacket, black shirt and dark blue jeans with white sneakers
The man is wearing black jeans, a black shirt and black jacket.  He has on white tennis shoes.
The bespectacled man is wearing all black clothing with what is either white trim on his jacket or straps to a backpack.  His footwear is white gym shoes with black trim.
The man is dressed all in black, pants, shirt, jacket, except for his white running shoes.
An Asian woman with long black hair has bangs and is wearing a long red sweater with a red bag and red sneakers.
The woman is wearing a long red jacket, blue jeans and sneakers.  She is caring a purse on her right shoulder.
The woman is wearing a large red sweater that is buttoned up in front, and reaches her knees.  She is wearing skinny jeans, white sneakers, and has a red and white bag over one shoulder and across her body.
The black haired woman is walking and carrying a bag.  She is wearing a red jacket,  grey pants and red shoes and white shoes. 
The man holding the blue umbrella in his hand, also has a black backpack over his shoulder. 
Tall, fit man wearing a black hat, blue short sleeved shirt, and green cargo shorts. He's carrying a blue umbrella and wearing white Sandals.
The man is wearing a blue shirt. He is also wearing brown pants. He also has on white shoes. 
The woman is wearing a back pack and a skirt with sneakers and socks. She has a little longer than shoulder length black hair.
A woman wearing a black dress with pink writing, a pair of white and gray shoes.
MAN IS WEARING BLACK FRAME GLASSES WITH A BLACK JACKET.  HE HAS ON A WHITE SHIRT AND RELAXED DENIM JEANS.  HE HAS HIS RIGHT HAND IN HIS FRONT RIGHT POCKET.
The man is wearing glasses, a long sleeve black sports coat, grey pants, and grey and black colored sneakers.
The young woman has dark hair and is wearing a white top and blue jeans and carrying a brown purse
The dark haired woman is wearing a white, elbow length blouse untucked with light blue jeans a dark blue purse and white slip-on flats.
A woman is wearing a white shirt with 3/4 length sleeves, light blue jeans, white tennis shoes and carrying a black purse in her right hand.
She is wearing white shoes, light blue jeans, and a white shirt with three-quarters sleeves. She has dark hair.
The woman is wearing a 3/4 sleeve, white, fitted shirt and light blue jeans. She is carrying a black purse in her right hand.
He is wearing a black jacket and blue jeans with black tennis shoes. He is also carrying a red,grey, and black backpack. 
He has short, black hair and is wearing a black jacket, blue jeans, and black sneakers. He has a red and white backpack.
The man is wearing a black shirt, blue jeans, and black sneakers. He is wearing a red, grey, and black backpack and only his rear side is visible.
The man is wearing a fitted black jacket, and long dark pants.  He also has very dark pants, black sneakers, and is wearing a dark colored backpack over both shoulders.
The man wearing black framed glasses wears a black t shirt grey pants he stands along the railing and carries a black back pack.
a man with short dark hair and glasses is looking out of a window. He is wearing a short sleeved dark shirt and has on a dark back pack. 
A male with short hair and glasses wearing a black tee shirt with dark grey pants carrying a backpack.
A man wearing a black shirt, a black and white back pack and a pair of glasses.
He  is  wearing short  black  hair  . He  is  wearing  dark colored  clothes  and  is  carrying   a  black  bag .
The man is wearing a black short sleeves shirt and a pair of black free pants and shoes. He is also carrying a bag.
The woman is wearing a sky blue button down shirt, and a tan skirt with a dot pattern. The man is wearing a darker blue collared shirt.
She is wearing glasses, a light denim top with no sleeves, and a long cream colored skirt with a darker pattern.
A woman in a white blouse, a pair of gray pants and ap air of gray shoes.
The woman is wearing a sleeveless white shirt with a pattern on it, tan pants, and wedge shoes. She is carrying a green purse.
A woman in a white blouse, a pair of gray pants and a pair of gray shoes.
A young woman with long dark hair walks down the street holding her green purse.
The woman has her hands behind her back. She is wearing a red minnie mouse shirt and black pants, along with white flats. 
The woman is wearing a salmon pink shirt and black pants with white sneakers and carrying a white purse on her shoulder.
The woman with the long black hair has a lacy black top, floral shorts and black sandals. 
girl with black printed tee and multicolor skirt with long black hair carrying a purse
The young girl has long, straight, dark hair and is wearing a black shirt with words printed on the front. She is wearing patterned shorts and light colored shoes. 
The woman has long hair with bangs/fringe.  She is petite and is wearing a ballgown.
A woman has her hands crossed over her waist as she wears a sleeveless, white, floor-length gown with low, curved neckline, fitted waist and silver sparkles across the top of the skirt.
The woman is wearing a black shirt with a white design on it with jean shorts. She also has on black shoes and is carrying a cream colored bag.
The lady wears a black t shirt grey shorts with black and white sneakers she carries along a child holding a beige shoulder bag.
The little boy is wearing a deep blue t-shirt and blue shorts. On his feet are white sandals. An adulr his holding his hand.
This toddler is holding an adults hand and he's wearing a blue shirt and blue short.
Young white male child. Shaved blonde hair, bright blue tshirt and shorts, tan and white sandals. 
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of orange shoes.
The lady has black hair tied up in a ponytail and she's wearing a white collared shirt,  blue jeans, and white shoes. 
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown shoes.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of shoes.
The woman is wearing a blue flowered shirt. She is carrying a pink bag. She is wearing black pants and black shoes.
This woman is wearing a blue short sleeved shirt, black pants, and black shoes. She is also carrying a pink purse.
He has  short  black hair  and  is  wearing  a  black  shirt with a  white  design . He is  also  wearing   white  tennis  shoes .
The man is carrying something in his hands and carrying a bag on his left arm. The man is wearing a hat and sunglasses. The man has long dark pants on. 
A person, unsure of gender and age, wearing a black jacket with a white design on the back, and a pair of dark gray pants   walking on a pavement
A man wearing a black shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of gray pants and a pair of glasses.
This young woman is walking side facing the camera.  She is wearing a large winter coat, with dark pants and shoes.  She is carrying a bag on one shoulder that is white with a yellow logo on it.
Female` with dark straight hair past her shoulders and bangs pushed to the right side of her face. She is wearing glasses, a light pink thigh length parka,light colored sweater and black pants.
The lady is wearing a beige hooded coat and has a white purse or bag with an orange pattern over the top half of it through her left arm with her left hand in her coat pocket.  She is wearing dark pants and dark shoes.
This women is wearing a light colored coat that is open and has the hood down.  She is also wearing a light colored checked shirt and dark pants.  She has black, shoulder length hair and glasses.  
The woman is wearing a white blouse with a black patterned skirt that stops above her knees. 
The woman is wearing a black and white printed skirt, black strappy sandals and a white blouse.  She has a black bracelet on her left wrist.
The girl has long black hair, a white 3/4 length sleeve dress shirt, a black with white mini skirt, brown sandals, and is looking at her cell phone while walking.
A man wearing a green shirt a pair of gray pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man is wearing grey pants and a long sleeved brown colored shirt.  He has facial hair.
Man with short dark hair and mustache camo pants, tee shirt, work boots,and has a backpack.
The man is wearing a greenish-tan sweater,greenish-tan pants.He also is wearing a dark green backpack
The man wears a brown shirt with gray pants. He is also has a backpack. 
He is wearing loose black pants and a dark colored short sleeved shirt with an open collar.
The lady is wearing a grey shirt, blue jeans, and red shoes. She is carrying a yellow tote bag. 
The man is wearing a navy blue shirt with black pants. He has on brown shoes. He is carrying a green bag.
The man in the short sleeved navy collared shirt is wearing long pants and carrying a lime green shopping bag.
She has  long  black hair that  goes past  her shoulders   .  She is  also wearing a light  colored  shirt  .
The woman is wearing a grey long shirt,black pants and black shoes.She also has long black hair.
This woman has long black hair and she's wearing a long gray t shirt and black pants as she walks away from the camera.
She is wearing a long white shirt and dark pants.  She has long, dark hair and has something in her right hand.
The man is looking down at a paper in his hand.  He is wearing a gray zipped up jacket and dark pants.  He wears glasses and has on red shoes.
A young man in a dark long-sleeve shirt, pants, and red sneakers. The man is holding papers in one hand, and an umbrella in the other. 
The man is carrying some papers in his hand and is carrying black umbrella also
The man walks while wearing a black sweater, dark jeans, and red shoes.  The man is also holding a closed umbrella.
A woman with light brown hair is wearing a dark green shirt, brown pants and black and white shoes.
She has long brown hair  that  goes  almost   to her  waist  .  She  is  also wearing  a  green top   and  black pants .
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The man is walking towards the camera and has short black hair, and wears a black t-shirt with black fitness shorts and gray sneakers. He has white earbuds in his ears. 
A man wearing a red buttoned shirt under a black coat. blue jeans, light colored shoes with glasses. 
The man is wearing jeans, sneakers, a red shirt and a fur hood coat. He is wearing glasses and has dark cropped hair.
He is wearing white tennis shoes, long pants, and a thick black coat. He is carrying a backpack. He is wearing glasses.
The man is wearing a black, hooded jacket.  He is also wearing gray pants and black and white sneakers.  He is carrying a backpack.
The woman has long brown hair and has a box or satchel in her left hand.  She is wearing a black top and black yoga pants and white sneakers.
short sleeve black shirt without a collar; black handbag strapped across chest with shinny gold clamp; white,black,purple shoes
A woman wearing a pair of tight fitting blue jean shorts, a pair of stripe socks and a jacket.
A woman with red teased hair is wearing a pair of periwinkle high-waisted shorts and a black crop top. 
A woman wearing a very short pair of daisy duke shorts, a pair of colorful shoes and a black leather jacket.
A man with short black hair and glasses is wearing a grey hooded sweatshirt, a bright yellow bag and dark colored pants.
The little boy has some white sneakers on and is carrying a yellow bag over his shoulder. He is also wearing glasses. 
A woman wearing eyeglasses has her bent right arm over a yellow tote bag with black graphic in the upper right corner. She wears a light-gray sweatshirt with hood down over her upper back, dark-gray pants and white shoes with black stripes.
Male with glasses wearing a black t shirt under a grey hoodie sweatshirt, with dark pants, red and white shoes, and a vibrant yellow bag.
A man with black hair is wearing a dark blue jacket, tan pants, no socks and brown shoes.
A man wearing a pair of brown pants, a pair of brown shoes and a blue and yellow jacket.
A man wearing khaki pants, brown leather sandals and a dark colored wind breaker jacket walks along an outdoor walkway.
The man is wearing a neon blue jacket with white pants and brown flip flops.He is also holding his hands behind his back
The man is wearing a light colored shirt sleeve polo shirt with dark pants and has short hair.  He is holding up his right hand.  
A man in a light red, polo shirt, dark blue jeans, and dark shoes is standing with his hands behind his back.
A man with dark hair is wearing a collared shirt. He is in blue jeans and has black shoes.
A man wearing a white button up shirt and a pair of blue jean pants.
A woman is wearing a teal, cap-sleeve shirt with a V-neck over loose black pants and gray shoes while carrying a large, brown bag in her right hand and a small shoulder bag with thin strap across her body.
She is walking along the road in the rain ,but has a black umbrella 
A person is carrying a dark blue umbrella. The person is wearing a dark colored t-shirt and dark colored pants. 
A woman carries a streamlined, dark-brown backpack tilting backwards on her back while she looks down at a curved object in front of her at chin height. She wears a gray jacket with scrunched up hood behind her head and a hem below her hips, bright blue leggings and white shoes.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue pants and a pair of pink and white shoes.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown shoes.
White female with dark long hair is wearing blueish/purple pants with sandals.  She is carrying a backpack and has a piece of paper in her hand.
A woman wearing a white t-shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
A woman is walking and wearing a white shirt and blue jean pants. She is carrying her purse over her right shoulder.
The man is wearing a black t-shirt with grey shorts and a black knee brace on his left knee, he is wearing sandals and eye glasses.
HE IS WALING WEARING TAN SHORT AND BROWN SHOES WITH A DARK COLOR SHIRT, HE IS ALSO LOOKING DOWN AND HIS HAIR IS BROWN AND SHORT. 
This person has short black hair,wearing a white tshirt and blue jeans with black shoes toting a blue & white book bag.
The man wears a white shirt and gray pants with black shoes. A blue and white backpack hangs on one shoulder.
A man wearing a black and white shirt, a pair of neon green shorts and a pair of yellow shoes.
An Asian man with short black hair is wearing bright yellow sneakers, bright yellow green shorts and a black, red and grey short sleeved shirt.
A woman with long dark hair is wearing a medium length grey coat, black pants, and dark shoes. The woman is also carrying a white and yellow bag on her left shouder. 
This woman has dark colored glasses, black hair, a puffy tan colored coat, tan colored shirt, black pants. She's carrying a purse. 
She wears a light colored, hooded winter coat over dark long pants and dark shoes. She has a white bag with a yellow square over her left shoulder. 
A woman with medium length black hair is wearing glasses, a pink checked shirt, medium length pink coat, and dark pants. 
She  has  long  shoulder length black hair .She is  wearing a  white  top  and   a black skirt .
A girl with long dark hair is wearing a long sleeve white shirt, black and white print skirt and brown sandals.
The young woman is wearing brown sandals and  black shorts that have a small white pattern as well as a white blouse with elbow length sleeves
This man has short black hair and he's looking to the side, he's wearing a khaki colored shirt and pants and a backpack.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of gray pants and a back pack on his back.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of gray pants and a black and white back pack.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair or gray pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man wearing a dark colored shirt with a collar, a pair of black pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The woman is walking away with a man.  She is carrying a yellow bag over her shoulder.  She is wearing a white shirt, jeans and pink shoes.
The man is wearing a navy collared t-shirt, and navy slacks. He is wearing sandals, and is carrying a green shopping bag.
This man has short black hair,grey shirt and blue jean pants, and sandles carrying a green bag.
WOMAN HAS LONG BLACK HAIR AND IS WEARING A TOP WITH SHORT SLEEVES THAT IS RUFFLED AT THE SLEEVE HEM.  SHE HAS A PHONE IN HER RIGHT HAND. 
The woman has black long hair, long sleeved sweatshirt colored gray, black pants, with converse black-white shoes.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The woman is wearing black and white tennis shoes with baggy jeans. She has on a long, baggy white shirt with short sleeves and no collar. 
He is wearing red shoes, long grey pants, and a grey jacket zipped up with a hood. He is wearing glasses and is carrying an umbrella in his right hand.
The man is wearing a dark sweatshirt, black jeans, and red sneakers with white soles. He is carrying a black umbrella with a curved handle on his right hand and paper in his left.
A man walking to the left carrying paper and a umbrella wearing a black jacket, jeans, with red and white shoes. 
The guy has on a grey hoodie. He has on a white shirt underneath that you can only see the bottom of. He has on black jeans and is wearing red sneakers. He has a grey umbrella in is right hand and has some papers in his left hand.
The woman is wearing a dark green t shirt with a lighter colored shirt underneath it. She has dark pants and is wearing white and black sneakers. She has something dark around her wrist.
Woman's blonde hair falls over back blending with oval gold backpack composed of rows of ruffles with deep pink trim in center. She wears a dark-green jacket with yellow hem of shirt peeking out. She also wears tight-fitting gray pants and black-soled shoes. Her left leg is straight and right leg bent with toes touching ground by other foot as she walks away.
The man is wearing a black shirt and dark blue jean shorts.  He is also wearing gray shoes.  He is carrying a black bag on his left shoulder and has earbuds in his ears.
A man looks to his side while wearing white ear buds with the white wire falling over the center of his black t-shirt and into a pocket of his gray shorts. He also wears short green socks with light-gray shoes.
The man is wearing glasses and has a thick brown jacket whose hood has tan fur. He is wearing a red buttoned-up, collared shirt and blue jeans. His shoes are white.
The man wearing glasses wears a red long sleeved shirt, a black jacket and grey pants with white sneakers he walks along the sidewalk.
The man wears a black coat, jeans, and tennis shoes. He is carrying a dark backpack.
The man has short black hair. He is wearing a black button up shirt, blue jeans, and white and black sneakers. He has on glasses and is wearing a black winter coat with a brown fur trim on the hood. He is carrying a black backpack.
The lady wears a black t shirt black pants with white sneakers she carries a brown shopping bag.
A woman with long hair wears a loose black t-shirt under a black shoulder bag with reflective gold closure and over black leggings worn with silver-and-purple shoes.
The woman is wearing light denim hot pants and mesh black top.  The man is wearing tube socks and black goggles.
Female with red shoulder length hair with bangs . She is wearing a black bra like top with a black short biker style jacket and light blue short shorts . He footwear is black and green open toe heels . 
She is wearing purple, black, and green heels, short blue jean shorts, and a black leather jacket. She is wearing multiple, brightly colored bracelets on her right wrist.
A man with black hair, wearing glasses, a grey sweatshirt, and jeans is carrying a gold bag over his shoulder and is walking while talking to someone. 
The man is wearing glasses and sneakers as well as a sweatshirt and a yellow bag.
A person with short black hair is wearing glasses, a grey sweatshirt, grey pants and has a bright yellow bag.
The man is wearing glasses with a grey hoody zipped up with jeans and white shoes with red laces and holding a yellow bag.
The man is wearing a dark blue jacket with yellow cuffs, tan pants, and brown sandals.
A person with short black hair is wearing a dark blue jacket with a hood, ankle length tan pants and sandals.
The man is wearing a black sweater and brown pants. He is also wearing brown sandals. 
A man wearing a blue jacket, a pair of white pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The man is waving. He is wearing a white shirt and black pants. he is also wearing cowboy boots.
This gentleman is standing with his arms behind his back with his left leg in midstep. He is wearing blue pans and a short-sleeved white button up shirt. 
A man stands in a relaxed position with a light colored shirt and blue pants. 
A man with short black hair wearing a white collared shirt and blue jean pants.
The lady has black medium length hair and is wearing a green t-shirt , dark green pant and carrying a cross-body bag.
A person with long hair over the back is partially under an open purple umbrella and dresses in a gray t-shirt, jeans and tan shoes.
The person has on all dark clothing and is carrying a purse and purple umbrella.  Their shoes are dark as well.
A girl with long hair wearing a white hoodie with blue pants and carrying a brown backpack.
A girl with long, dark hair is walking while wearing a dark bag, white long sleeved shirt, jeans and lights shoes.
A woman with black hair and bangs is wearing a long white shirt, blue pants and she has a black backpack.
A woman's hair falls over her shoulders, she carries a curved and rectangular black backpack on her back, she holds folded white paper in her left hand, and she extends her right leg behind her. She wears a long white top covering her hips with graphic over the front, bright-blue jeans and sandals.
walking bag in hand moving quickly blue jeans white tee small in statue brown slip on shoes  
This woman is wearing a white see through shirt with a white tank top underneath. Also has dark jeans and red shoes. She is holding a black purse on one shoulder.
The man is wearing a black T-shirt,grey shorts and brown sandals.He is also wearing glasses.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of brown shoes and sunglasses.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
The man has wearing a white shirt, blue jeans, and dark shoes. He has a book bag over his left shoulder. 
A man has a white electronic band outside of his ear and wears a brown necklace. He is dressed in a black t-shirt with white shapes on the shoulder and lower front, light-green, knee-length shorts with darker green dotted print and bright-yellow running shoes. He also wears pale yellow gloves and has a tattoo on his right shin.
A man wearing a black, red and gray shirt, a pair of green pants and a pair of yellow shoes.
The man has on a short-sleeved black t-shirt with celery green bermuda shorts that have a pattern on them; he is also wearing sneakers, but it is difficult to make out much else since he is only showing his back to us.
The man is wearing yellow shoes, lime green shorts and a black, red and grey striped shirt.
A man wearing a black shirt with long brown sleeves and a pair of green shorts.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of green shorts and a pair of green shoes.
He has   black hair  and  glasses  . He is  wearing a  white  shirt  with  a  flag on it  .
A man wearing a navy blue shirt with dark grey denim pants with black shoes carrying a black satchel.
A man with short black hair is wearing a dark blue jacket, grey pants, dark shoes and is carrying a black bag.
A man wearing a white shirt with a picture on the front, a black jacket, a pair of black pants and a pair of glasses.
The lady wears a blue shirt pink skirt pink socks with pink shoes as she walks holding the gentlemen's arm.
A woman wearing a dark blue Flintstones style top, a pair of pink heels, a pair of pink and white socks and a purple skirt.
This woman has short pink hair and she's wearing a blue top that only goes over one shoulder, pink skirt and pink argyle socks and pink shoes.
The girl has pink hair. She has a blue shirt and pink skirt. She has white/pink argyle socks on. Her socks are tucked into her pink high heels. 
the woman is in a neon green graphic short sleeved shirt with black shorts and white shoes, she is carrying a food item in both hands.
The pedestrian with long, dark hair wears a bright, green backpack and shirt. Her shorts are black, and her shoes are white.
The man who is wearing black shorts and white shoes, has a bright green shirt with a large decal on it.
A woman in a green shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
A man in a  gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man with the black back pack is wearing a black, tan and white shirt with black dress pants. 
A man wearing black pants, black shoes, and white t-shirt with black stripes, walks a long the a street.  He has a grey bag on.
The man is wearing a black and white checkerboard shirt and black pants.  He is carrying a bag over his shoulder and looking at a phone.
The woman has short blonde hair.  She is wearing a shirt with a flag pattern on it.  She also is wearing a red skirt with white dots on it.
The girl is wearing glasses, a red and white striped t-shirt and a knee-length maroon skirt.  The girl has a short blonde hair, about chin-length.
This  young man is  carrying a  drink in one hand   and is  dressed in all  black with matching pants  and  jacket .
A man is wearing blue jeans, dark sneakers and a black jacket with white trim.  
A man walking with a black and white jacket, jeans, and black and white sneakers and is also holding a soda can to his mouth.
Man with short hair, wearing a black and white jacket and jeans. His shoes are black. He is looking at a phone with a cord which goes into his right jean pocket.
A woman wearing a yellow wrap, a white and blue stripe shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
A woman wearing a black and white shirt, a pair of black pants, a yellow sweater and a pair of silver shoes.
A woman wearing a blue and white shirt, a yellow sweater, a pair of black pants and a pair of pink and white shoes.
The man has short black hair and is wearing an olive green waist length long sleeved coat over a dark v-neck shirt and blue jeans.
The man with black hair, who is standing with knees bent and one arm extended, is wearing a brown jacket, dark blue shirt and faded blue jeans
The boy has a buzzed head and is walking and looking at his phone as he walks. He's wearing a blue shirt
The man is wearing a blue shirt with a design around the collar.  He also has flip flops on and khaki shorts
The women is wearing a black sweatshirt and black pants.  She also is wearing a black shirt
The man has a black hooded sweater with the hoid up, a blue backpack, black tight jeans, and white tennis shoes. 
A person wearing a black jacket with white writing, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
He has  short   brown hair  and  is  wearing  a long  trench  coat  and  light  brown  pants .
A man wearing a long black coat with long sleeves, a pair of long white pants and a pair of dark black shoes.
The person is standing near a microphone in a dark overcoat and light pants with his hands together.
The man is wearing either a black shirt or vest with either a red tie or trim, a knee length, long sleeve black jacket with white lining on the inner back of it and a maroon pocket hankie on the left side.  He is wearing white pants and black shoes.  His left arm is bent at the elbow with his hand in the air towards his head.  His right arm is extended in front, underneath the hand of a man who is touching his chest.
A woman with her hair down is wearing a light blue jacket with dark blue jean pants and light colored sandals.She is carrying a black purse.
The woman is wearing a blue shirt,dark blue jean pants and creme shoes.She is also carrying a black shoulder bag and black sunglasses
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
The woman has long wild dirty blonde hair, a black top, tight blue jeans and a belt.
This man is wearing all black, from the top, to his shoes. He is also carrying a black backpack and wearing black sunglasses. 
The man is wearing black jeans with a black jacket with tennis shoes. He is also carrying a backpack.
The man is walking away from the camera.  He has a backpack.  The soles of his shoes have a white stripe.
The young man is wearing black pants, a black jacket, black and white sneakers and a black and white book bag.
The woman wears a black coat and long black boots. She has long brown hair and carries a brown purse on one shoulder.
The woman wears a black jacket with a black dress. She wears a long silver necklace and black boots.
The woman has long dark brown hair, is wearing a black raincoat, black pants, black high-heeled shoes, and is carrying a black purse. 
THE MAN IS WEARING A DARK BLUE SWEATSHIRTS AND LIGHT BLUE JEANS.  HE HAS ON WHITE SHOES.
The man has a black, backpack on, is wearing a blue, long sleeved jacket, jeans, and white sneakers.
The man wears a grey shirt and grey shorts with grey sneakers he carries a blue and white shopping bag.
The man with thick, blonde hair is wearing a gray tee shirt, denim long shorts, and is carrying a black tote around his torso. He is also wearing black and white high-top sports shoes.
The man is wearing a white t-shirt and grey shorts with black and white sneakers he carries a black shoulder bag along with two shopping bags.
A guy has his arm around a girl, he is wearing a pink-collared shirt, jeans, and is carrying a messenger bag.
A man wearing a light pink shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a floral print dress, a pair of floral print shoes and a purse over hr right shoulder.
Woman has black long hair with it pulled to the back of her head.  She is wearing a printed knee length dress and carrying a medium size handbag and two shopping bags.  
A dark haired man in blue jeans and a navy polo is holding a black bag and walking across a cross walk.
A man wearing a dark blue and pink shirt, a pair of worn out blue jeans and a pair of gray shoes.
THE WOMAN WEARS SUNGLASSES AND CARRIES A YOGA MAT.  SHE HAS A BLACK TANK TOP ON AND DARK PANTS.
The woman has shades, dark pants, black shirt, green and black back pack, short reddish hair and is carrying a long blue object.
The man is wearing a tightly fitted black t-shirt with pale green patterned shorts and black and green athletic shoes.
The man is walking. He wears a red, black, and white striped shirt with neon green pants and shoes.
Adult male with black tshirt and green shorts. He is facing away so its hard to see his face. Short black hair.
The man has short, dark hair which is thinning on top. He wears a black t-shirt and khaki pants with tennis shoes. On his left wrist he is wearing a dark band.
A man wearing a white shirt with a flag picture on the front, a pair of glasses and a dark black jacket.
A man with black hair is wearing a dark blue jacket, grey pants, black shoes and is carrying a black bag.
This man is wearing a blue jacket, grey pants, and black/white shoes. He is also carrying a black bag on his shoulder.
The man with glasses is wearing a blue shirt over a white shirt with an american flag on it. He is also wearing black jeans.
This person is wearing a short pink skirt, a sleeveless top that covers only one shoulder, and has shoulder-length pink hair.
FEMALE WITH BRIGHT PINK HAIR CUT IN BOB. WEARING ONE SLEEVED PRUSSIAN BLUE TOP WITH BRIGHT PINK TRIM AND SHORT FLARED BRIGHT PINK SKIRT. PINK AND WHITE KNEE SOCKS OR HOSE IN HARLEQUIN PATTERN. STACKED PINK HIGH HEELS.
the lady's hair is magenta to match her one shoulder top and very short skirt, over her patterned pink and tan knee  high socks and magenta high heeled shoes.
The woman is wearing a blue top, short pink skirt, white and pink socks, and pink, high heeled shoes. She has pink hair.
THIS GIRL IS WEARING GLASSES.  SHE IS WEARING A BRIGHT GREEN SHIRT AND BLACK PANTS.  SHE IS CARRYING SOMETHING IN HER HANDS. 
The female has long dark hair pulled back in a pony tail. She is wearing a flourescent  yellow shirt, dark shorts that end above the knee and white shoes. Her back pack is almost the same color as her shirt. 
The lady wears a green black and white t shirt black shorts with white sneakers she stands near a grey wall holding a small item inside her hand.
This woman is wearing a green short sleeved shirt that has an illustration on it, black shorts, and white shoes.
The rear view of this man shows him wearing a bag that is draped across his back. He has a grey collared shirt, black pants and black shoes.
An adult male with short dark hair is wearing a white and grey polo shirt, dark grey pants, black shoes and a shoulder bag.
The man is wearing a black and white vertically striped shirt and black pants. He is carrying a black over the shouder bag.
A man walking and checking his phone. He has on a short sleeved button down plaid shirt. He also has on black pants and shoes.
The girl has blond hair and glasses.  She is wearing a pink, black and white striped shirt with a red skirt with tulle edging on the bottom. 
A lady in a short skirt and a top is looking at a object on the wall of a room
The man is wearing a black and white jacket with black jeans. His shoes are also black and white. On his left wrist is a black watch. On his back is a small bag.
This is a young adult male with short hair olive complexion wearing black sneakers heavily worn denim trousers a black short skirt and carrying a cell phone in his right hand
The man has short, dark hair and is wearing a black jacket with a white shirt underneath. He has blue jeans and black shoes with white soles.
This man is casually dressed in a white shirt, jeans and sneakers. He is wearing a light sweatshirt 
The woman is wearing a black and white striped shirt and black pants. She is wearing a yellow throw over her shoulders. 
The lady wears a yellow blouse over a black and white shirt black pants with white sandals she walks along the building pushing a child inside a stroller.
The woman is wearing a yellow shawl over a black and white striped shirt with black leggings and white sandals.
He is wearing a black shirt with a dark brown jacket over it, and dark jeans. 
A gentlemen wearing blue jeans, a v-neck shirt, and a brown jacket waves his arm in front of a chain link fence.
 A man wearing  a blue shirt and gray shorts he is also wearing glasses and has a phone his shoes are brown.
A man wearing a blue shirt with a gray back, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
A woman with black hair is wearing a black shirt with a white "e" on it, a black sweatshirt and black pants.
The man is wearing a black sweatshirt and pants. He is also wearing white tennis shoes. 
The lady has long black hair and shes wearing a grey hooded sweatshirt, and black jeans, and a blue backpack. 
This man is wearing a long grey gown, white pants, and black shoes. He is also holding a brown cello or violin.
The main is dressed in a black robe with white pants and dark brown shoes, standing with his arms out and holding 2 objects. 
guy wearing a long black trench coat with white pants and black shoes talking into a microphone
A man wearing a black suit jacket, a pair of white pants, a  pair of black shoes and a pair of black shorts.
A woman is wearing a blue shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of red and white shoes.
She has  long  black hair   and is  wearing sunglasses  .  She is  also wearing  a  light  blue  shirt  and  is   carrying  a large  black bag  .
This woman has golden hair and she's wearing a sleeveless black halter top with blue jeans.
The woman is wearing black sandals with grey jeans. She has on a white tank top underneath a black tank top and has something in her left hand.
This person has short black hair and is wearing all black clothes and carrying a black back pack.
The man is wearing a black, hooded sweatshirt, with black pants and white rimmed sneakers. He is wearing a black backpack with a white horizontal stripe.
This person is walking away from the onlooker.  He has a pack on his back and he is wearing a dark jacket and pants.  His shoes have a white striped around the sole.
The man is wearing a black coat, a pair of black jeans, and a pair of black and white tennis shoes. He is wearing a black book bag and a pair of glasses.
A woman wearing a pair of gray pants, a pair of black shoes, a black jacket and a shirt.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of gray pants, high heels, and a dark, heavy coat.
A woman with dark brown hair just past her shoulders is walking. Her long sleeve top, jacket, tights, and high heel boots are all black. She has a brown purse over her right shoulder.
A man with short light brown hair is wearing a navy blue sweatshirt, blue jeans and white sneakers.
A darker male wearing a black hoodie with blue denim pants and white sneakers carrying a backpack.
Individual is wearing short sleeved grey shirt, black shoulder bag grey cargo shorts, and grey and black shoes.
A man is wearing a gray t-shirt and light denim shorts.  He is carrying a duffle bag that is resting on his lower back and two other bags on the left side.
A  man wearing a white shirt with light grey shorts wearing white and black shoes carrying a big black bag and two colorful items 
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray shoes.
The man is wearing a pink Polo type shirt with straight leg jeans and sneakers. He has a messager bag slung over his right side but hanging down his back.
A woman is wearing a red dress with sandals she is holding two bags she is indoors 
Female with long dark hair that's pulled away from the face , She's wearing a red , white and dark colored print dress and sandals . She is carrying a red canvas shoulder bag , a red shopping bag and a white with redt letter print H&M shopping bag .
The person has dark, short hair and is wearing a dark, collared shirt with short sleeves, which is open at the throat and showing a white undershirt. They are also wearing jeans and sneakers. A black bag or briefcase is hanging from their lowered right hand.
A young man with short dark hair wearing a blue shirt, jeans and green sneakers is carrying a black handbag in his two hands. 
The woman is wearing a black sleeveless shirt. She is also wearing brown pants. 
The woman is wearing black boots with a pair of boot-cut brown pants. She has on a black tee-shirt and is wearing a black and green backpack on her back. She has a blue tube in her arms.
The woman is visible from the back.  She is carrying a black back pack across her back.  Her shorts are black.  She is wearing a long sleeved gray shirt.
The woman is wearing a green shirt and tan pants. She is wearing tan shoes and is carrying a black book bag.
GIRL IN HER TEENS WEARING A VERY SHORT BLACK PANT AND DARK GREEN COLOUR T SHIRT LOOKING MODERATELY HEIGHT SEEN HOLDING A BACK BAG 
The woman is wearing a grey shirt and black shorts.  She has her hair in a pony tail and is wearing a black backpack.
The man wears a dark jacket and khaki pants. He has a white shirt on under the jacket.
The peron walking is a male who is wearing a dark colored backpack with beige colored pants.
The man wears black and white sneakers, long khaki pants, and a grey hooded jacket. He wears a bag over his left shoulder.
The boy is wearing a dark gray hoodie, long kaki pants, and dark black shoes with white trim. He is also carrying a black back bag.
This young man  is  wearing  a very bright outfit  with  a  pink striped  shirt  and  blue short pants  . He is also  wearing flip flops    on  his feet .
A man wearing a pink, white and black stripe shirt, a pair of art deco shorts and a pair of sandals.
The man has short black hair, is wearing a pink and grey horizontally striped polo shirt, diamond white and grey patterned shorts, sandals, and is carrying a black plastic shopping bag. 
The man has short grey hair, is wearing a pink, white, and gray horizontally striped polo short, grey and white plaid shorts, sandals, and is carrying a plastic shopping bag. 
A man wearing a pink and gray stripe shirt, a pair of white and black shorts and a pair of sandals.
This  young man  looks  rather  professional with  his  stripped shirt  and  brown dress pants  .  He is also  carrying  paperwork in one of his  hands .  
The young man with the strip shirt on  is walking with a package in his hand 
The man wears a grey, black, and blue-striped sweater, tan pants, and sneakers. He is carrying a black shoulder bag with a long strap and carrying a white object.
Man is wearing a sweater with black, gray and white stripes on it. He is wearing tan pants and gray shoes. He is carrying a bag on his back.
A man in a white tee shirt and baggy, black pants. He is walking away from the camera and seems to be looking down at something in his hands.
The man is walking down the street and he is wearing a white shirt,black pants and grey shoes.
A man in a wrinkled white shirt, a pair of dark black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing a short sleeve white shirt with a pair of black pants.
The woman is dressed in all black. She has a black hat on her head and is carrying a black purse. She also wears black tennis shoes.
The woman has a long black ponytail. She is wearing a gray baseball cap, a gray jacket, black cropped leggings, and tennis shoes. She has a black tote bag over her shoulder.
A woman wearing a gray, long sleeve shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The woman with shoulder length black hair has a white shirt under her black dress and black shoes. 
A woman wearing a white shirt, a black blouse, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A teenage girl with long black hair wearing a plaid full sleeve shirt with short shorts and sandals carrying a backpack.
The girl has shoulder-length dark hair. She has on shorts and a long-sleeved plaid shirt.
The girl wears a white and pink v-neck shirt with a red, black, and white checked long sleeved shirt over top. She has on black short or skirt and tights.
This young woman has long black hair and she's wearing a long sleeved plaid shirt and black shorts and shoes and she's carrying a purse over her shoulder.
She has  short  black  hair  and is  wearing a  grey  top  and   black  pants  .  She is  also wearing  flip  flops  .
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of shoes.
The woman is walking. The woman is wearing a short sleeved t-shirt and long dark pants. The woman has dark hair.
The man is wearing white sneakers, tan pants and a short sleeved maroon t-shirt.  He has short dark hair.
Red tee shirt, white or tan pants,white and black sneakers,curly dark hair and mustache.hand in pocket
The man is wearing a read T-shirt with white jeans and gray and white tennis shoes. he has short cropped black hair.
A man in a red shirt, a pair of white pants and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing black and white sneakers with a stripe pattern on the side, black shorts, and a grey t-shirt.
A young man wears a solid light-gray t-shirt over a pair of black shorts and a pair of white athletic shoes having the design of three black stripes on either side.
The woman is wearing a brown jacket, and yellow shorts. She also has on high heels.
The woman in the picture is wearing beige heels, knee length yellow dress covered by a lace jacket. She has dark skin and long brown hair.
This african american woman appears to have vitiligo, or skin discoloration.  She is wearing a lace see through dress with a bow at the neck, purple panties and high heels.
The pedestrian in the picture appears to be male with short black hair.  He is wearing a black tshirt, black shorts and black sandals.  His skin tone appears to be white. 
The man has short, black hair. He is wearing a black tee shirt, black shorts with a red stripe, and black sandals. He is holding a water bottle in his left hand.
A man wearing a black shirt with a picture on the front of it, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is wearing a back pack and a jacket with pink pants and dark shoes.
This woman is wearing a blue long sleeved blouse , pink pants, and black shoes. She is also carrying a grey/black book bag on her back.
The man is wearing a black jacket, blue jeans, and white tennis shoes. He has a black backpack on his back. 
The man is wearing a black backpack and a grey shirt. He is wearing blue jeans and white shoes.
Girl has sleeveless top, black pants and is carrying a backpack. The boy has on dark clothing and is carrying a backpack.
The man is wearing blue jeans with white sneakers.  He is wearing a dark jacket and carrying a large dark backpack.  He is walking toward someone wearing red.
A woman wearing a pink shirt with long sleeves, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
The woman is wearing an orange long-sleeved top and capri-length blue jeans. She is wearing open-toed sandals without socks. 
A man wearing a red shirt, a pair of blue jean pants and a pair of yellow shoes.
The boy with short black hair has a green striped shirt and blue shorts while carrying a green and black bag.
A man wearing a green and yellow stripe shirt, a pair of blue shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A kid wearing a green and black stripe shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
A man walking forward looking down with a back pack on his back in wearing a whire jacket, black pants, and white shoes. 
The man is wearing a white zipped up hoodie the inside of the hood and the zipper are black. He is also wearing black slacks and white tennis shoes. He is wearing a backpack, the shoulder straps are black. 
The man wears a white zip up hoodie with a black zipper, black pants, and white shoes. He also wears a backpack with black straps.
Man wearing dark backpack with white sneakers and white zippered hoodie and dark pants and dark long sleeve shirt.
The man has a brown baseball cap on, sunglasses, a white scarf on backwards, a white tshirt, with a flowered button down shirt over it unbuttoned, tan shorts, brown boots, tan gloves, and appears to be walking in the desert.
A man wearing a brown shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of white socks.
The woman has long black hair. She is wearing a red top, black pants and black boots. She has on glasses and is carrying a very large black bag.
A woman with black shoulder length hair, black backpack, gray long sleeved shirt, black shirt and green shoes walking on a cobbled street.
The man is seen from behind. He has tan khaki shorts, a green t shirt and a big black backpack on his back. It appears as if he is wearing some sort of big black hat on his head.
A woman in a gray shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A woman wearing a gray and black shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
 The boy with short dark hair wears a white collared shirt under a blazer and khaki pants with dark shoes and carries a dark backpack 
A male with neck length hair wearing a grey hoodie with light color pants and a black backpack.
The man is wearing a gray hoodie and khaki pants with a black backpack and light shoes. 
The young man has a medium gray hooded jacket on over light khaki pants with sneakers and wearing a dark backpack.  He has a hat on his head.
The man is wearing a brown and pink striped golf shirt with mismatched, printed shorts and flip fliops.
Male with short dark hair wearing a pink , white and black stripped polo shirt and black and white print shorts . His foot wear are flip flops .
The man has dark hair and is walking barefoot. He has on a pink and navy striped polo shirt. He has on patterned shorts.
A man wearing a pink shirt with black stripes, a pair of plaid shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The man wears a pink and brown shirt with horizontal stripes. He wears dark blue and white shorts with a diamond patter. He wears brown sandals and carries a small bag in one hand.
Medium built man with short dark hair, wearing gray striped sweater and khaki pants, carrying dark cross-shoulder satchel  
The man is visible on his right.  He has a book in his right hand and he has short dark hair.  He's wearing baggy khaki pants and has on a light blue, black and grey striped shirt with a collar.
He is wearing a white,grey, and black striped sweater with khaki pants and white tennis shoes. He is also carrying something white in his hand and a black backpack. 
This man is wearing a black, blue and gray horizontally stripped long sleeved top with tan pants and sneakers. He has a black messenger style over the shoulder bag hanging at his back.
He is wearing a white t-shirt with loose black pants. He has short black hair.
The man is walking looking forward. He is wearing a white t-shirt with short sleeves, black pants, and light gray shoes. He has short hair.
This man is visible from the back. He has short black hair. He is wearing a white shirt and black pants.
A man wears a white shirt with short sleeves. He also wears black pants and black pants.
The woman wears dark pants that are cropped below the knee, a dark colored shirt, and white shoes.
The woman is wearing a grey sweater and black pants. She is carrying a large bag and has on white sandals.
The lady wearing the grey cap wears a grey shirt black pants with white sandals she stands behind individuals riding up the escalator.
She has medium length dark brown hair an a neutral skin tone and she is wearing black summer clothing and sneakers. 
The woman is wearing a black spaghetti strap jumper with a white t-shirt under with grey tennis shoes.
A woman with black hair is wearing glasses, a plaid red and white shirt, black shorts and sandals.
The girl wears black shoes and a red and white checked button down shirt. She carries a red or purple bag.
This girl has shoulder-length black hair and is wearing a red and white plaid shirt, a pink and white blouse, and a dark skirt.
A woman wearing a red and white plaid shirt, a pair of black shoes and a bag on her right shoulder.
A woman with short black hair wearing a grey top with black pants. She is carrying papers in her arm.
A woman with short black hair is wearing a grey short sleeved shirt, black pants and light colored shoes.
The woman is wearing a dark grey sweater, black pants, and tan sandals. She is also wearing a wrist watch.
The man is wearing a red shirt with short sleeves.  He has on light tan pants and white running shoes.  he has short black hair.
The man is dressed casual, he is wearing a burgundy shirt, khaki pants an tennis shoes. 
A man in a red shirt, a pair of white pants and a pair of white and gray shoes on his feet.
The man is walking on cobblestone pavement and is wearing a red shirt and white pants.
The man is wearing white shoes with three dark stripes on each side, black shorts, and a gray shirt.
A man wearing a gray t-shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
pastel see through dress; knee level; long sleeves;ties around the collar; white high heel shoes
Healthy Build Athletic woman with a cream colored sheer, lace dress and silver sparkling heels also has dark hair with streaks of gold.
Medium height black woman with long dark hair and vitiligo covering her ears, mouth, hands, knees  and feet, partially covering center ridge of her eyes,  wearing a yellow-white see thru floral dress with ruffles at the bottom and a ribbon at the top.
The man has short dark hair. He is wearing a dark t shirt and a pair of dark colored shorts that hang just past his knees. 
The man walking is wearing a short sleeves black shirt and a pair of black short pants and a black slippers.
A man with dark hair and light skin wearing a black tea shirt and black baggy pants  just below the knee that have a light stripe and dark sandals. 
A woman with her dark hair pulled up, wears a long green colored jacket with hot pink pants. She is wearing a backpack and standing next to someone.
A woman with her hair up wears an oval gray backpack on her back. She wears a light-blue coat with flared hem over pink pants and thick-soled black shoes.
This guy has a dark colored long sleeve shirt, blue jeans, tennis shoes that are white and a black backpack
This man has dark sunglasses on a black waist length jacket and bluejeans on with white sneakers. He is wearing a black backpack and carrying a closed umbrella in his left hand.
The man wears glasses. He wears jeans and white tennis shoes. He is wearing a black backpack.
He is wearing a gray and black sweater or jacket with  a gray and black backpack, blue jeans and white tennis shoes.
The woman is wearing an orange quarter sleeve shirt. She wears blue jeans that end at her ankles and white sandals. She is carrying a black bag and crosses her arms in front of her. 
The woman wears a red long sleeve pullover,  denim capris and white slide on sandals. She has short black hair. 
The woman is wearing a orange long sleeves jacket,blue jeans and light brown sandals.She is also carrying a black shoulder bag
A boy wearing a green and black stripe shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
A young boy is wearing a yellow and green striped shirt.  He has on blue knee length shorts.  He has on beige shoes.  He is walking next to a woman in a coral shirt.  She is wearing black leggings and brown shoes.  She has black hair pulled up in a clip.
A boy holds the hand of the person next to him and carries a long black bag highlighted with a  lime-green deep curve and vertical line. The boy wears a green-and-black horizontally striped t-shirt, blue denim shorts and gray shoes.
The man is wearing a white hoodie, black pants, and white tennis shoes. He is wearing a black backpack.
The man is wearing a white sweatshirt, black jeans, and white sneakers. He is carrying a black backpack.
A man walking wearing a white long sleeve jacket, black pants, with white shoes and a watch
He is wearing a book bag on top of his white zip-up hoodie. He is wearing black pants and white sneakers.
The tan ball cap on this man's head is the same color as his knee-length shorts. He also wears a flowery shirt.
A man has his left hand in the pocket of his tan shorts above his bended knee. He wears a tan cap and tan short-sleeve shirt covered with large brown rounded forms.
She is wearing black boots, long black leggings, and a red long sleeved jacket with a hood. She is carrying a large black purse over her right shoulder.
The woman is wearing black pants and a red sweater. She wears glasses and has on boots. She is also carrying a large tote bag over her right shoulder.
She is wearing black boots, tight black leggings, and a bright red coat with a hood. She is carrying a large purse over her right shoulder.
The woman is visible from the back.  She has on dark ankle boots and tight black pants.  She has on a pink coat with a hood hanging down the back.  She has shoulder length dark hair and is carrying a grey bag on her right shoulder.
He has  short black hair  and  is  wearing  a  red shirt  and  denim pants.
The boy is has dark hair. He is wearing a red t-shirt and jeans with black and white sneakers. 
She is wearing light grey, long pants and a long sleeved, blue sweater. She is carrying a white and black bag over her right shoulder and a brown coat on her left arm.
Lady is wearing a blue sweater and gray pants. She has a brown coat over her arm and a black and white bag over her shoulder.
The man is wearing a green sweater with gray jeans. He is also wearing a purple and black bags.
The pedestrian is wearing a blue top, grey pants and grey shoes carrying a brown jacket and bag. 
A woman with shirt hair in a blue shirt and tan shorts is wearing a purse.
A man looks directly over his left shoulder with his right hand inside his tan shorts pocket and his left hand at the edge of his other shorts pocket. HIs right leg is extended behind him. He wears a loose pullover, short-sleeve top in navy blue, and knee-length shorts.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a black bag over his right shoulder.
He has  short black hair  and is wearing   a  black shirt  . He is also wearing  brown short pants   and  plain shoes .
The woman is wearing a lime green polo shirt and wearing dark sunglasses.  She has a black shopping bag with a thin red handle over her left arm 
the woman is wearing sunglasses with her green shirt and black pants while standing next to a bike.
The woman has dark hair pulled back into a ponytail, a bright green collared short sleeved shirt, and dark pants.
A woman wearing a green shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes on her feet.
This is a woman with black hair. She is wearing a white short sleeve shirt. She has on black shorts and white shoes. She is wearing a black backpack over both shoulders. 
The girl is wearing a short sleeved white top.  Her shorts are black.  Her tennis shoes are gray.  A blue back pack is worn over her shoulder and back.
The woman has on reddish shorts with a white tshirt with a design on the front. Her shoes are light colored. 
The woman is seen walking from behind.  She is wearing a white shirt and black shorts.  Her hair is in a ponytail and she is carrying a backpack.
The lady has on a black corset top on and a black skirt with black strap heels. She looks to be a model.
The individual is a young adult female with black hair which is pulled into a bun. She is wearing high-heeled ankle strap shoes and a black party dress which is strapless and which has a lower half which is black and puffed out from her body
A woman wearing a black shiny dress,a  pair of black pants and a black sweater over the dress.
A woman wearing a shiny, black, sleeveless tank top,  a black fluffy skirt and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a tight fitting black and silver dress with a very ruffly bottom and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a black bracelet and a pair of black shoes with white laces.
The person has a dark backpack on with a red shirt and shorts and closed toe shoes.
The girl, who has her back to the viewer, is wearing a short black dress with short sleeves and flat shoes with a dark sole.  She has black hair and her left shoes is poised so you can see the sole.
The bespectacled man is wearing a green shirt with a print on the front, dark pants, and black and white shoes.  He has a dark backpack or bag slung over his right shoulder, and he is holding the strap of the bag with his right hand while his left arm is dangling at his side.
The man is carrying a black bag. He has on a green shirt and denim jeans. His shoes are black with a white accent.
The lady wears a long blue and black dress with pink flat shoes she carries a purple umbrella.
A woman wearing a light blue dress and a pair of shoes on her two feet.
A woman wearing a gray shirt with pink dots, a gray skirt with pink dots and a pair of white shoes.
This woman has long black hair that is blowing back, she is wearing a matching print short sleeved top and shorts and is carrying a bag and has another bag over her shoulder.
This woman is is wearing a tan and floral cardigan over a white tank top, carrying a white/tan tote and carrying some paperwork. She is also wearing skinny jeans or tights.
The woman has her long black hair in a white hair tie and is looking at an object in her hand. She is carrying a large white bag and has on a gray shirt, black tights, and brown flats. 
The woman is wearing a dark purple shirt with a red and white printed skirt,black leggings and tan flats.She is also carrying a tan shoulder bag and a white book
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The man i has short black hair and glasses. He is wearing a black short sleeve shirt, grey pants, and black shoes. He is carrying a brown over the shoulder bag. 
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a bag over her left shoulder.
A young boy is wearing a Nike tank top, grey shorts, and black and grey shoes.
The boy is wearing a black and red NIKE shirt with jean shorts. He is also wearing grey, red and blue sneakers. 
A woman wearing a gray jacket, a black and neon green scarf and a pair of black pants.
White male with short brown hair walking, wearing a black shirt with a vest and faded jeans with holes in the knees and brown shoes and has a watch on his right wrist and a black band on his left wrist.
This man is wearing a black short sleeved shirt, light blue jeans with a big hole, and brown shoes.
The man wears a black jacket over a black t shirt blue jean pants with brown shoes as he walks on the ground aside a female. 
The man is wearing a shell necklace black tee shirt and black sleeveless shirt with light blue jeans and a pair of tan shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray shoes.
This man has a light grey button up collared shirt tucked into grey dress pants, black shoes and a black computer bag. 
This man has dark hair, an off white button up shirt with a collar, grey pants, black shoes, and has a briefcase or computer bag. 
Man with short dark hair, carrying a briefcase, wearing a long sleeved grey shirt and dark pants.
The black haired man is walking and carrying a black bag.  He wears a grey dress shirt and grey khaki pants. 
The man wears a dark red top and dark pants as well as red tennis shoes
This person is wearing a black and red tartan sweatshirt, cuffed jeans, and red converses. 
Woman in knee-length green dress and tan shoes. She has a dark purse hanging from her shoulder.
The lady has long black hair, a knee length green dress with short sleeves, white shoes, is carrying a large black shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
A woman with her black hair in a pony tail is wearing a pea green dress with capped sleeves it comes down past her knees. She is wearing heels and has a large brown purse.
A woman in a green dress, a pair of brown shoes and a watch on her left wrist.
The woman is visible from the back wearing a blue and white checkered dress.  Her sandals are brown.  Her blue purse is draped over her shoulder.
A woman in a black and white dress, a pair of shoes and a black bag on her right shoulder.
A woman wears a black top and checkered skirt. she carry a black bag on his hands. 
A woman in a black and white plaid dress, a pair of white pantyhose, a pair of brown shoes.
A young Asian girl walking down the  street,  carrying  a black  handbag and a purple  eye phone
The woman is visible from her right.  She has on dark brown ankle boots and dark colored tights.  She has a black bag on her right shoulder and also a red bag over her right shoulder.  She's wearing a red jacket and has long dark hair.
A woman wearing a red jacket, black pants and boots and carrying a grey bag.
The individual is a young adult female with long black hair wearing black shoes black trousers orange oversized sweater and carrying a large grey purse
This man is wearing a red short sleeved shirt, dark blue jeans, and plain White shoes.
This man is wearing a red short sleeved shirt, light blue jeans, and white/.black shoes.
The woman is wearing a v-neck aqua colored long sleeve top with light gray long pants. She has a bag over both shoulders and is carrying a dark brown jacket over her left forearm. 
A lady is wearing a blue jacket and grey pants with grey sneakers she is carrying a black and white purse across her shoulder.
A man is walking and carrying a black bag over his left shoulder with a dark jacket on his left arm. He is wearing grey pants and shoes with a green long-sleeved shirt on.
The woman with short hair is carrying her coat on her arm. She also has a bag over her shoulder. 
The guy is visible from behind, and is walking forward. He is wearing light-colored shoes, light khaki shorts, and a dark blue shirt with sleeves to the elbow. he has a brown cross-body bag over his left shoulder, hanging behind his right hip.
A man in a dark blue shirt, a pair of pink shorts and a pair of pink shoes.
This man is wearing a black shirt with sleeves at  his elbows and lite colored knee length shorts. He hasbshort dark hair and a long strapped bag over his shoulder.
A man in a blue jacket, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
A woman wearing a green shirt, a pair of black pants and  pair of white shoes.
The woman has a pony tail and wearing sunglasses. She has on a green collared shirt with long black pants and brown flat shoes.
A woman in a green shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoe son her feet.
A woman with and long black hair .Wearing a lime green shirt and black pants.is walking next to a bike and wearing  light colored shoes.
The girl is wearing short black shorts and a white polo t, with white shoes, and is carrying a backpack on her pack.
She is wearing black shorts and a white shirt with sneakers. The girl has long dark hair in a ponytail.  She's also wearing a backpack while carrying a shopping bag
A woman in a white shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
A woman walks away from the camera. Her dark hair is very long, reaching to her back, and tied into a ponytail with a blue hair clip. She carries a blue or gray backpack on her back. She wears a short sleeve white top, black shorts, white socks, and white shoes. 
The lady is wearin a strapless black gown and black strapped shoes. And she is wearing a black hat or headband.
A woman wearing a shiny, black, ruffled, puffy dress and a pair of fancy black dress shoes.
She is wearing dark colored pants, a low sleeveless shiny dark colored top, and a black shawl.
The woman wears a black strapless top. She wears a black skirt down to her ankles and wears black heels.
The woman wears a long strapless, black gown. the bodice is tight and the skirt is a ballroom style. She has a black shawl around her upper arms.
The woman has long dark hair and is carrying a backpack.  She is dressed in a short sleeved black shirt and shorts.
The lady wears a brown t-shirt and brown shorts with brown shoes she stands on an escalator she carries a black back pack.
A woman is wearing a dark tshirt and short denim shorts. She has on dark shoes. 
The man is wearing a green shirt and blue jeans with black and white tennis shoes.  He has short hair and is wearing glasses.
This person has a green shirt and jeans. He also has a shoulder bag and wear tennis shoes.
A woman wearing a long blue and brown shirt and a pair of brown shoes on her feet.
The woman is carrying an umbrella and is wearing a black shirt a black skirt. She is carrying a shoulderbag.
The young lady with shoulder length hair is carrying her handbag and a shopping bag.
FEMALE WITH BLACK HAIR CARRYING SHOULDER BAG AND WHITE BAG IN HAND. WEARING SHORT SLEEVED GRAY TUNIC (OR MAY BE ONE PIECE WITH SHORTS) THAT HAS A PINK FLORAL-LOOKING PATTERN. WEARING WHITE OR LIGHT GRAY SHOES.
The woman has dark hair.She is wearing a light colored undershirt with a sweater over it, and dark colored pants. She is carrying paperwork or a newspaper.
This woman has long black hair that's tied up in a pony tail and she's wearing a gray jacket, black pants and she's carrying a large white bag over his shoulder.
This woman has her long black hair tied up in a pony tail and she's wearing a gray shirt, a patterned skirt, black tights and she's carrying a bag over he shoulder and some papers in her hands.
A woman with reddish black hair is wearing a grey long sleeve shirt, black pants, brown shoes and a large white bag.
A man walking towards the right wearing a black shirt, light grey jeans, and black shoes carrying a brown bag over his shoulder. 
She  has  short  black  hair  and is wearing  a  bright  blue  shirt  .  She is also  carrying   a  large  black bag  .
A boy wearing a black tank top with a pink Nike logo, a pair of blue jean shorts, and a pair of black shoes.
The boy walks while wearing a black and red sleeveless shirt, black shoes and blue jean shorts.
This male child has on a black tank top with red edging and blue jean shorts.
The man with the brown hair is wearing a black shirt, black vest and ripped jeans and brown shoes. 
A man waring a black shirt, a black vest and a pair of brown shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt under a black button-up shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of green shoes.
This man is wearing a black short sleeved shirt, light blue jeans, and white/brown running shoes.
A man with short black hair is wearing a grey long sleeve dress shirt, dark dress pants, and dark dress shoes. The man is also carrying a black soft covered case in his right hand. 
man carrying a briefcase wearing a longsleeved tan shirt and darker brown pants and dress shoes
Male wearing a gray dress shirt and black pants with dress shoes. He is carrying what appears to be a laptop bag. 
The man is wearing a shirt and khaki pants. He is carrying an object in his right hand.
The woman is wearing a red top, and jeans. She is wearing sneakers that are red. 
A woman wearing cuffed denim jeans and a plaid shirt is talking while standing on the street.
The woman has black hair and is wearing a green dress and has a black purse on her shoulder.
The woman is wearing a short sleeved green dress with a v neck in front.  Her right shoulder has a bag across it.
The woman is wearing an olive green dress that is knee length. Her dark hair is in a ponytail. She carries a big brown bag on her right shoulder and is wearing tan colored heels. 
a woman with dark hair is wearing a green dress and light brown shoes. She has something gold around her wrist.
The heavy set female has long hair that reaches between her shoulder blades. She has a short sleeved dress with a dark top and a black and white paid skirt that ends at her knee. She is wearing brown low heeled sandals and is carrying an oversided black bag with brown handles. 
The woman has dark hair and bangs. There is a purse on her shoulder. Her dress is black on top, with short sleeves.The lower part of the dress is black and white.
The woman is wearing a black-white checkered dress and beige sandals. She has a large bag or papoose strapped on her back that she is holding in front of her body. She has long black hair.
The woman is walking down the street and she is wearing a black and white shirt with dark grey shorts and tan shoes
A woman is wearing purple ear buds with a long wire, carrying a black shoulder bag on one side and a thin object in one hand on the other side. She is wearing an open white sweater over a scoop-neck navy-blue blouse with tiny dots over a white shirt and fitted dark jeans and black athletic shoes.
She  has  her   black hair  pulled up  in   pony tail .  She is  also  wearing a  white  shirt  and  blue pants  .
This woman is holding the hand of another man and is wearing a white t-shirt with a green stripe and black pants.  The woman has long black hair and is wearing jogging shoes.
A lady facing away with dark hair in a pony tail, a white and green striped polo shirt, dark pants and tennis shoes.
A man with black hair is wearing a black jacket, grey shorts and is carrying a black and white backpack.
The man is wearing a gray sweatshirt, gray bermuda shorts, and black sandals and is carrying a black and white backpack.
A man with short black hair is wearing a black shirt with a white logo, a black jacket and jean shorts.
A man wearing a black shirt with a white logo, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The man wearing a striped t-shirt and khaki pants is walking up stairs with a black backpack on his back.
The man is wearing a white and burgundy striped tee shirt with khaki pants. He is carrying a backpack with straps on both shoulders.
The man is stepping up onto a curb. He is wearing a black and white striped top, khaki pants and black shoes. He is also wearing a black backpack.
A man wearing a black and white stripe shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
A woman with an afro wearing a black belly shirt, leather short skirts, and black high knee socks is dancing. 
The female is wearing a black outfit and boots and she has a afro hairstyle.
She is wearing black shoes, tall black socks that reach her knees, a short denim skirt, and a sleeveless black top. 
A woman wearing a very short gray skirt, a pair of black boots with balck socks and a black shirt.
A woman wearing a short, black skirt, a tight black top and a pair of black boots.
A woman wearing a gray skirt, a pair of black boots with black socks and a black tank top.
A woman wearing a black leather skirt, a pair of black boots and a tight back top.
A woman with an Afro is standing and talking to a man.  She is wearing a sleeveless black shirt and a leather miniskirt.  She also has black leather boots that come up to her knees.
The girl walks while wearing a long sleeved shirt with a black leather skirt and a pair of black boots.
The woman wears a black sleeveless top. She wears a black leather skirt with black boots and has a curly brown afro.
A man with short black hair is wearing a black t-shirt with a logo, shiny blue long shorts and grey sneakers.
A man wearing blue jean long shorts, white athletic shoes, a white shirt and a black shirt looks at his phone while walking along a sidewalk.
A man wearing a pair of glasses, a black shirt with purple writing, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing a black top with a design on the front.  His sorts are light brown.  His tennis shoes are gray and white.  He is walking with hands in his pockets.
The girl's long dark hair is pulled back into a ponytail.  She is wearing a black t-shirt with gold Bermuda shorts and gray sneakers.  She is carrying a large dark backpack.
The woman is wearing a black top with a design on front.  Her capri pants are beige colored.  Her shoes are white. 
The man is wearing black shorts and a blue and white shirt that has short sleeves. His sports shoes are black and yellow.
A man wearing a white shirt with gray sleeves, a pair of black shorts, a pair of green and white shoes.
Gentleman wearing a brown hat, green toned shirt and pants, playing a small string instrument with fencing in background.
The man is wearing a white shirt with a darker shirt over it and blue jeans.  He is wearing a tan fedora with a dark band on his head.  He is  playing a small stringed musical instrument about the size of a mandolin.
The girl is wearing light blue short with a pink shirt with a see through back. She has on a black shirt underneath. The is wearing teal and white shoes. She has black shoulder length hair and wears glasses.
A woman wearing a tight pair of blue jean shorts, a pair of blue and white shoes and a pink and white shirt.
A woman wearing a light pink blouse, a pair of glasses, a pair of short blue jean shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
Asian man walking quickly down stairs wearing black jacket, white shirt, and blue jeans with large necklace.
A man wearing a short sleeve, black sweater, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes with white soles.
The man has a white scarf around his neck. He is wearing a black shirt, blue jeans, and black sneakers.
A man  wearing a black t-shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a wite scarf around his neck.
A man wearing a black and white t-shirt with a white collar, a pair of blue jeans and a black wrist watch.
The man has short hair, a white shirt, dark colored sweater unbuttoned and jeans. He is walking down stairs.
A man wearing a red long sleeve short with blue jeans and black and white shoes carrying a black bag. 
The man is wearing a red sweat shirt, blue jeans, and black and white shoes carrying a black bag on his left shoulder.
Woman has on a red jacket and gray pants. She is wearing black shoes with a white soles and is carrying a can in her hand.
The man is wearing a metallic red jacket, dark blue jeans, and black and white sneakers. His left hand is touching his right shoulder.
The man walking has short black hair and is wearing a white shirt with a collar, dark pants, dark shoes, and is carrying a dark bag on his right shoulder.
The boy is wearing a white collared button-down shirt with black accents and black pants. He is carrying a messenger bag over one shoulder.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
This person has dark spiky hair and is wearing a white shirt with black cuffs and black pants while carrying a bag on the right shoulder.
She is wearing short, blue jean shorts, a V-necked halter top, and a dark jacket. She is holding a wine glass in both hands.
this lady wears a blue trouser holds her hands together and seemed waiting for some one
The man is walking away. He has dark hair and a yellow shirt. He has a backpack on his back.
The young boy is wearing a yellow collar shirt with dark pants. He is wearing tennis shoes and has a backpack on his back. 
A woman carries both a red cross-body shoulder bag resting on her right hip and a black tote bag with white print on her left side while she is dressed in a black, short-sleeve blouse with a swirling red- and-white pattern with black pants and black slip-on shoes.
A man wearing a yellow shirt, a pair of dark colored pants and a pair of white and black shoes.
The man in the yellow shirt has glasses and a black backpack, black pants, and white tennis shoes. 
Male with brown hair wearing a blue short sleeved tee shirt and light blue shorts with tennis shoes.
A young man wearing leather sandals, dark blue shorts and a dark blue shirt plays and runs in an outdoor park.
A woman wearing a pair of short, tight fitting shorts, a white shirt with a flower on the front of it and a pair of glasses.
The woman has long black hair pulled back into a ponytail, is wearing glasses, white t-shirt, grey shorts, grey and pink sneakers, and is carrying an American flag design shoulder bag. 
A woman wearing a white t-shirt with a cartoon on it, a pair of short gray shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
a woman wearing a white shirt, a pair off gray shorts, a pair of purple and pink shoes and a pair of glasses.
Woman, wearing black heels, tights, a short black shirt, white top, black jacket, carrying a laptop, has long dark hair, light skin
The woman is wearing a black sweater over a white blouse, a black skirt, black tights, and black boots. She is carrying a purse over her right shoulder. 
The woman has long black hair, belly short black jacket, white undershirt, black skirt, black tights/panty-hoes, and black high heel shoes.
The woman is wearing a white three quarter sleeve shirt and dark blue, fitted pants.  She is carrying a black shoulder bag, and her hair is held in a ponytail by a dark ponytail holder.
A woman wearing a white shirt with a green stripe, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a white and green shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man is wearing shorts and a jacket. He is also carrying a backpack on his back. He has short dark hair.
The young man is walking while wearing brown sandals as well as dark shorts and a dark shirt with long sleeves while also carrying a black and white backpack
The man is wearing dark shoes with jean shorts and he has on a black tee-shirt with a white graphic on the chest. He has a jacket on over the tee-shirt and it is also black.
The man is wearing a black graphic t-shirt with grey shorts and slide on shoes, he is also wearing glasses.
A man wearing a white and black stripe shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of brown shoes.
A man in a white and red stripe shirt, a pair of shoes and a black back pack.
A young man wears a striped white and black t-shirt. The man has his left hand in the pocket of his tan pants.
This man is wearing a striped shirt and tan slacks. He is wearing dark shoes and is carrying a backpack on his back.
The woman is wearing a sleeveless black crop top with a mock turtleneck. Her skirt is a black leather mini skirt. She has knee high black boots.
A woman wearing a short, mid section revealing shirt, a short skirt, black socks and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is wearing knee-high black boots, a short, metallic colored skirt and a sleeveless shirt. 
The woman has voluminous dark hair. She is wearing a black top, black skirt, black boots, and black gloves.
She has on a black sleeveless crop top. She is wearing a short black skirt. She has on black knee boots and black gloves. She is standing with her legs apart.
She is wearing tall black boots, a dark colored short skirt, and a sleeveless black top.
The lady wears a black sports bra short black skirt with black boots as she stands on the stage next to another adult.
A woman wearing a black leather skirt, a pair of black boots and a black shirt.
The women has on a sleeveless black top with a black short leather skirt, and black kneehigh boots. 
A woman wearing a black tank top, a pair of black boots and a black leather skirt.
A man wearing a black shirt with white writing, a pair of blue shorts and a pair of white shoes.
A man visible from the side is wearing a dark short sleeve shirt, blue shorts with a ehite stripe, and white sneakers.
This appears to be a female with dark hair wearing a dark T-shirt with purple design on front, tan knee length pants, white tennis shoes, and a watch or bracelet on her left wrist.
The man has short dark hair and is wearing a short sleeved black t-shirt with a red logo across the chest. He has khaki knee length shorts, black and white athletic shoes and a black back pack. 
The woman has dark hair in a ponytail and is wearing a black shirt with khaki capris and carrying a backpack. 
The man is wearing a black t-shirt and long khaki shorts.  He is wearing white shoes and is wearing a backpack.
Male with very short hair/buzz cut. Short sleeved shirt - yoke is gray or dark, reminder of shirt is white. Black shorts - hemmed above knee. Bright sneakers.
MALE WITH HEAD SHAVED EXCEPT FOR THE TOP. WEARING SHIRT WITH DARK BLUE ACROSS THE SHOULDERS, THE REST WHITE, WITH BLACK BAGGY SHORTS JUST ABOVE KNEE, AND DARK ATHLETIC SHOES WITH WHITE DETAILING AND SOLES.
The fellow wearing a green hat green shirt green pants he stands near a gentleman playing a guitar.
A person is playing an instrument outside wearing dark pants, jacket and a brown hat.
The woman has black hair pulled into a ponytail and is wearing a peach colored shirt with slits in the back, blue jean shorts, and blue, white and pink tennis shoes.
The woman has dark hair.  She is wearing blue and white tennis shoes and blue shorts.  She has on a short sleeve pint top with slits in the back.
The woman is wearing jean shorts with a pink top and tennis shoes, she is also wearing glasses and has her hair in a pony tail with bangs.
A man wearing a white shirt, a black jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
They young man is wearing a dark shirt or short-sleeved sweater over a white shirt. He is also wearing faded jeans and dark sneakers.
A man is wearing a black shirt, jeans, and a white scarf.  He has a watch on his wrist.
The man wears a black shirt. He has a small white towel wrapped around his neck. He wears blue jeans and has short black hair.
This young man has on light blue jeans and a black and white button down shirt.
THE MAN IS WEARING BLUE JEANS  WITH A WHITE SHIRT WITH A SWEATER OVER IT. HE WEARS BLACK SHOES.
The man walks while wearing a red jacket, blue jeans, white and black shoes tennis shoes.
This dark haired man wear a red jacket and acid washed blue jeans with sneakers and carries a black bag.
A man wearing a bright red sweater, black jeans, and black sneakers. He is carrying a bag on his right shoulder and holding a bottle with his right hand.
The man is wearing a red jacket with black jeans and high top sneakers while coughing
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing black pants with black shoes. He has on a button-down short-sleeved collared polo shirt with black labels on the chest and a black bag over his right arm.
The man carries a duffle bag over his right shoulder.  He is wearing a light colored button up shirt with dark edges.  His pants are black.
A man wearing a white and black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A  woman wearing a pair of short blue jean shorts, a red shirt and a pair of black hoes.
The lady wears a brown jacket over a red shirt blue jean shorts beige high heeled shoes she carries a small brown shoulder bag.
This man is wearing a yellow polo shirt with a collar.  He has on loose-fitting blue jeans and is wearing a backpack and tennis shoes.
The guy has his back to me wearing a yellow shirt, dark pants, sneakers, and carrying a dark back pack on his back
The woman has very short black hair. She has her back to the camera. She is carrying a gray cloth bag on one shoulder and has a pink purse slung over the other.  She is wearing a red patterned shirt, black pants, and flat black shoes. 
This male has a light top (yellow?), dark pants is wearing a backpack and white and black sneakers.  He is carrying a jacket over both arms which are in front of him.
The man is wearing a yellow polo shirt, black pants, and white sneakers. His backpack is black. He has short black hair and glasses. He carries a jacket draped over his folded arms.
This young boy is wearing a blue t shirt, a slightly darker shade of blue pants and tennis shoes that are hardly visible. 
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of blue shorts, a pair of black shoes and a pair of socks.
This girl is wearing a white t-shirt with a purple and yellow flower on the front and grey shorts. She is wearing glasses and light colored shoes and carrying a shoulder bag that is black backed and black and white striped on the front. 
The man wears glasses and carries a black bag with the american flag on it. She has a white shirt with grey shorts and grey and pink tennis shoes. 
The girl has dark hair, it is pulled back. She is on her phone. She is wearing a white graphic t-shirt, gray shorts, and gray sneakers. She is carrying a black and white bag on her shoulder.
The girl is wearing a white shirt and grey shorts with grey/pink sneakers and is using a black and white bag.
A woman wearing a white shirt with a black jacket over it, a pair of black pantyhose and a short black skirt.
A woman wearing a white shirt under a black jacket, a pair of black pantyhose and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a black jacket over a white shirt, a pair of tights and a pair of black shoes.
A woman with long black hair, wearing a light top, a black skirt and black tights, is walking and carrying some books. 
The man is visible from the back. He is wearing a light pink tee shirt and khaki shorts. He is also wearing white and black tennis shoes.
The man walking is wearing a light purple shirt and grey shorts, and carrying a plastic bag in his right hand.
The man is wearing a pink short-sleeved button-up shirt and khaki shorts.  His shoes are white sneakers and his hair is short and dark.
A man in long shorts wearing a pink shirt is walking while carrying a plastic bag.
The man is looking toward his left and is carrying what appears to be a newspaper and a can of soda.  He is clothed in black pants and black zipped up jacket with white strings and a collared shirt underneath. His shoes are light brown.
This man is wearing dark pants and tan shoes. He is wearing a dark blue zip up sweater and a white shirt underneath.
The man is visible from his left side.  He has on brown shoes and black pants.  He's holding a book in his right hand.  He has on a black jacket and a white shirt on underneath the jacket with a collar.  He has short dark hair.
Person is male, wearing a dark colored blazer with a white dress shirt, dark pants and brown shoes. He is carrying a box and is wearing glasses. 
The man is wearing khakis and a brown and cream colored shirt and brown shoes.  He is carrying a bag in his right hand.
A man wearing a black and white stripe shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a yellow, white and black stripe shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A man wearing black shorts, a black white and yellow striped shirt and a safety helmet pushes a bicycle along a outdoor sidewalk.
The man wears a white t shirt with blue trouser.He had a watch in his left hand.His sandals are green.His head is faced towards right.
A man wearing a white shirt with blood on the back, a pair of very short blue shorts and a pair of green shoes.
A man carries a brown package inside a white tote bag with green graphics while wearing a white t-shirt with a red-and-yellow animal face centered on the front over blue shorts with a white stripe on the sides and gray shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue shorts and a pair of green and white shoes.
The man is wearing blue jeans, white shoes and a black top.  He is wearing sunglasses and has earbuds in his ears.
The woman is wearing a black backpack, a black, long sleeved jacket, dark blue jeans, and white sneakers.
A person wearing a large straw hat and a face mask, boots and long sleeved shirt and the pant legs are tucked into the boots. 
A man dressed in a white uniform and yellow safety vest walks on the sidewalk outside carrying a sign.
Woman with a large brimmed hat, white scarf and rubber boots is putting on gloves
This person has on a large. They are wearing a long-sleeve shirt and dark pants with dark boots. This person is carrying a bag.
The woman is wearing a gray shirt, dark-colored pants, and light-colored shoes. She has dark hair pulled back in a ponytail, and is wearing a face mask.
This woman is wearing a grey/black short sleeved shirt, black pants, and white shoes. She is also holding something in her hand.
This woman has black hair pulled back into a ponytail and is wearing a grey shirt with black yoga pants.
The lady with long, dark hair in a ponytail with dark pants and a long sleeve light colored shirt.
A woman walks while wearing a blue tear-shaped backpack with matching straps over her shoulders while wearing a white sweater with navy blue, horizontal lines starting at and below the chest with a dark blue skirt and tan shoes with a dark print and a thick, white sole.
She has  her  long  black hair  in a pony  tail . She is  also  carrying  a  bright  blue   bag  .
A man in the woods is dressed in warm clothes, a sweater, and jeans to stay warm, with boots on. 
The man wears a black coat black pants with black boots he stands inside the grassed field stepping out the fire.
The man is wearing dark pants and jacket over a white shirt. It could be a suit, and his shoes are black.
wearing a waist length black fitted coat; black taylored fitted pants that come to the ankle; black shoes
The man is wearing a waist length brown coat and brown pants. His shoes are brown.
A man wearing a dark black jacket, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a black jacket, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is wearing a burgundy scarf. She has on a black long sleeve shirt.
A woman wearing a black jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
The women walks while wearing a black coat, a pair of white pants, a pair of black shoes.
A man has his hands clasped in front of his black pants while also wearing a chain with gold charm, a black t-shirt and black shoes.
The man is wearing black a black shirt and pants. He also has on black shoes with a necklace. 
The man is wearing a black t-shirt and dark blue jeans, along with a silver necklace. He has his hands clasped together in front of him.
MALE WITH SHORT BLACK HAIR AND BEARD WEARING BLACK T-SHIRT WITH BLACK PANTS AND WEARING BLACK SHOES OR BOOTS. HAS PALE ORNAMENT OR POSSIBLY NECKLACE ON FRONT OF CHEST.
The man wears a black shirt and black pants with black shoes. He has a silver necklace and holds his hands in front of him.
The tall dark man with black hair and black shirt has a shiny necklace while standing with his hands together. 
A man wears a chain around his neck with a silver pendant, a black wristwatch, a black wrist band and a white wrist band. He is dressed in a fitted black t-shirt, black pants and black shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of dark blue jeans and a pair of black boots.
A man standing facing forward wearing a black shirt, jeans, and black shoes with a silver necklace around his neck. 
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
This man is wearing a white t-shirt with a design or writing on the front. He is wearing knee length jean shorts and a black back pack. His hair is shaggy and black. 
A man in a white shirt, a pair of black shorts and a black back pack.
The man is carrying a black backpack over both shoulders.  His is wearing a white t shirt and denim shorts.  He wears black and white shoes.
The man has on a pair of black and yellow tennis shoes. He is wearing a white t-shirt with blue shorts.  He has a black back pack over his shoulders.
The girl is wearing a white hat and a red shirt with white lettering. She appears to be wearing a short layered skirt and tan cowboy boots.
She has  shoulder length  brown hair  and is  wearing  a  red shirt  and  a short  skirt  . She is also  wearing    brown  cowboy  boots .
The girl is wearing a red shirt, a black and white skirt and brown boots. She has brown hair and a white hat on.
Young female wearing a black romper with knee high black socks and a black choker style necklace. 
A woman wearing a short, tight, black sleeveless dress, a pair of black socks and a pair of black shoes.
The woman has long dark hair. She is wearing a black long sleeved coat with jeans and sneakers. She is carrying a backpack.
A slender woman with long black hair is wearing a long sleeve grey shirt, jeans, and red sneakers.
The woman is wearing a gray sweater, dark pants, and dark shoes with white soles. She has a black purse over her shoulder.
A woman with long dark hair who appears to be looking at her cell phone while walking wearing a grey sweater, blue jeans, and grey walking shoes.
THe man is wearing light blue, loose fitting eans, and a button up, light colored, collared shirt, tucked in. He has on a straw type har and white tennis shoes.
An adult male is wearing a white long sleeved shirt, jeans, tennis shoes and a wide brimmed hat while walking down the street.
A woman wearing a white shirt under a black jacket, a pair of black shoes and a short black skirt.
Male with short dark hair is wearing a pink colored shirt with light tan pants.  He is wearing tennis shoes.
A man wearing a light-purple t-shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
The man is wearing a pink shirt. He is wearing Khakis. He also has on white tennis shoes. 
The man has black hair. He is visible from the back, and he is carrying a bag in his right hand. He is wearing a pink shirt and tan shorts.
The man is facing forward and the front of him can be seen.  He has short black hair, he has brown shoes on, he's wearing darkly colored pants, and has on a blue zip up jacket on.  Underneath the zip up jacket, the man has on a lightly colored button up shirt.  The man is carrying something in his right hand.
The man is wearing black jacket over a white shirt.  He is wearing dark jeans and brown shoes.  He is carrying a coffee mug and magazine.
This boy appears to be wearing a white shirt, dark tie, and dark jacket. He is wearing dark colored pants and tan boots. He is carrying a brief case.
A man carrying an box object in his right hand wearing a black jacket, black pants, and brown shoes. 
A man wearing a black and white stripe shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man is looking over his shoulder to his right.  He has short cut black hair.  He is wearing a horizontally striped short sleeved short with khaki pants and dark shoes.  The man is holding a white shopping bag in his right hand.
A man pushing with a bike. He is wearing a blue and white helmet on his head. He is also wearing glasses. He has on a yellow, black, and white striped shirt with black shorts.
A man wearing a white, black and yellow shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The man is balding in the back of his head a little and is wearing a white t-shirt with dark colored shorts and athletic shoes. 
This man has short dark hair and is wearing a white short sleeve t-shirt with dark blue shorts and dark shoes. He is carrying shopping bags in his right hand and has a watch on his left wrist.
This man is wearing a white short sleeved shirt, blue shorts, and green shoes. He is also wearing a black watch and a box in his hand.
This is a man wearing a white tee shirt and dark shorts with a white stripe down the side. He has a watch on his left wrist. He is carrying a white shopping bag that has green around the bottom. He has on tennis shoes.
The woman is wearing a thick  black coat with blue jeans and white shoes.She is also wearing sunglasses and has headphones in her ears
Person is in profile and carries drooping black backpack over back. Her hair falls over her back. She wears a black top and bright blue pants over white shoes. She is standing still with head extending forward. Her arms appear to be in front of body.
He is wearing a large hat to protect from the sun. The are wearing loose fitting clothes and work boots. 
A person walking in the opposite direction wearing a light blue shirt, pants, and black shoes with a yellow safety belt around their chest. 
A person wearing a large straw hat with a cloth underneath, the person is also wearing black rubber boots and black rubber gloves.
The man is wearing a white long sleeve shirt with green pants and black boots.She also has a yellow round hat and a white scarf on her head.
She wears a gray, short sleeved hip length top with black long pants and light colored shoes. Se carries and open umbrella and is wearing a surgical mask.
Heavy set woman with dark pants and grey v neck long sleeve pull over carrying an umbrella,and wearing a mask on lower part of face.
A woman in a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
A woman in a gray shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of gray and white pants.
The woman is seen walking with another while wearing a white and blue striped sweater with a blue skirt and blue backpack; also a blue bow in her ponytail.
This woman is wearing a blue/white striped sweater over a white long sleeved shirt, a black skirt, and shoes. She is also carrying a blue book bag on her back.
A man wearing a heavy brown coat, a pair of camo pants and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing dark pants with black shoes. He also has on a long, brown jacket with full sleeves that goes down to his mid-thighs.
A person stands with one foot forward and is wearing a black jacket over black pants and black shoes with a hint of a red-and-white shirt at the neck.
A man wearing a dark black jacket, a pair of dark black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A person is walking wearing a black dress jacket with black dress pants and shoes.
The man is caucasian and is wearing a very dark colored suit. He is facing the left and standing with one foot placed forward of the other.
A person is wearing a dark suit jacket, dark suit pants, and has large dark dress shoes. 
This image is very distorted, It appears to be someone wearing an animal costume or a uniform.
The woman is wearing a dark colored top with grey pants and dark shoes. She has medium length brown hair and is carrying a tan bag on her right shoulder.
The woman has a dark colored coat, light pants, dark shoes and a camel colored shoulder bag.
The man is wearing dark colored shoes, dark colored pants and a white t-shirt with a necklace.  He has a beard and is holding his hands in front of him.
This man has short dark hair and a tight to his face beard and is wearing a black t shirt with a pair of jeans and has a silver necklace on. 
The man is wearing a short sleeve black shirt and jeans. He is also wearing black shoes and has a necklace on. He is holding his hands together in front of him. 
This man is standing with his hands clasped in front of him. He has a dark short-sleeve shirt on and dark pants. He is wearing a necklace.
Man with dark hair and beard is wearing a black t-shirt, black pants and shoes, a watch on his left wrist and a necklace badge.
This adult male is wearing a very dark t-shirt, very dark pants, and black shoes.  He has short hair and a beard and is wearing a pendant around his neck and a watch on his right arm.
The man is wearing a black shirt, dark blue jeans, black shoes, a white bracelet and a necklace.
A young man with short black hair and a black beard is standing with his hands crossed in front of his body. He is wearing a black t-shirt with blue jeans and black shoes.
The man wears a black t shirt black jeans with black shoes he stands on the stage near other individuals.
A man with a black short beard wearing a black tee shirt with dark blue denim jeans and black boots
The man is wearing a white t shirt and denim shorts. He has dark hair and is carrying a duffle bag on his back. 
The rear view of this man shows him carrying a black backpack on his back. He has short black hair and is wearing a white shirt and black shorts.
A slender man with short black hair is walking from left to right. He has a large black backpack on his back. He is wearing a white short sleeve shirt, blue knee-length shorts, and dark shoes with white stripes.
A man in a white shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of green and black shoes.
The woman is running.  She is wearing a white hat and a red shirt.  She is wearing brown boots.
girl with brown hair wearing a cowboy hat, red shirt with white print, a short black printed skirt and cowboy boots.
The girl is wearing a red short sleeve shirt with a white pattern on the front, a flared black and white mini-skirt, brown thigh high boots, and a white hat.  Her arms are extended slightly in front of her.
A woman wearing a tight fitting, short cut black dress, a pair of black socks and a pair of black shoes.
This woman has her hair pulled back and she's wearing a sleeveless black mini dress and black boots.
A woman wearing a gray jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray shoes on her feet.
This tall, thin woman has long black hair and she's looking down at something she's holding and she's wearing a dark green shirt and black pants.
This woman is wearing a black long sleeved shirt, dark blue skinny jeans, and grey shoes. She is also carrying a black purse on her shoulder.
A woman wearing a gray jacket, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans, a brown hat and a pair of white shoes.
The tall man has a gut, a wide brimmed hat, blue jeans, a light long sleeved dress shirt and tennis shoes.
The woman has dark hair and is wearing a black jacket and pants and shoes. She carries a black handbag.
The woman is wearing a black jacket and black pants as well as having a brown handbag.
A girl with black is waring a black top, black pants, and shoes. She is carrying a large dark rose colored purse on her left shoulder. 
A woman carrying a bag on her left shoulder walking away wearing a black jacket, black pants, and black shoes. 
The man stands wearing a teal shirt and black pants and brown shoes. His right hand is holding his left wrist as they rest near his crotch region.
The man is holding his hands in front of him. He is wearing a light blue shirt, dark pants, and boots. 
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of pink shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a gray shirt a pair of pink shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
This boy is wearing a white tshirt, blue shorts and blue and green shoes. He has black short hair.
A young male child walking in the opposite direction wearing a white shirt, blue pants, with blue and green shoes. 
The woman is visible on her left side.  She has on brown shoes and black jeans.  She has a water bottle in her left hand and is opening it with her right hand.  She has long dark hair and is wearing prescription glasses.  She has on a blue and white hoodie.
A woman, wearing a white and blue jacket is walking and carrying a bottle of liquid in her right hand.  She has a dark purse slung over her right shoulder. She has long, dark hair and wears glasses. She has on blue jeans and brown sandles.
this woman has long straight black hair,  she is carrying a green water bottle and is wearing black pants
Long haired girl with a white coat and black back pack on. She has black jeans and is carrying a bottle of soda. Her shoes are sandals.
A man with glasses and short black hair wearing a maroon polo shirt with grey-blue denim jeans and black shoes.
A man wearing a purple shirt, a pair of gray pants and a black belt.
Man is wearing dark tan pants and a burgundy short sleeve shirt.  He is wearing something dark on his feet, either dark socks or shoes.
He has  short  black hair  and is  wearing a  dark purple  shirt  and  black pants .
The man wears a dark brown two-piece business suit as well as dark brown dress shoes
The man is looking to the left.  He is wearing a dark suit and tie with a white button up shirt.
A man wearing a suit is walking in a field of grass, with another man's hand on his shoulder.
The man wears a white t shirt with an emblem on the front.  He carries a black bag with she strap across his chest.  He is wearing long dark shorts and sandals.
This man is wearing a white short sleeved shirt, black shorts, and black sandals. He is also carrying a black bag on his shoulder.
He has very short hair nad is searing a white t-shirt, long black shorts, sandals and is carrying a gray and turquoise cross body bag.
A man wears a white t-shirt with black symbol below the back neckline, black shorts ending at the top of the calf and dark sandals. He carries a turquoise shoulder bag against his right buttock with the strap crossing over his back and over his left shoulder. He is seen from behind as he walks away. His right leg is lifted just off the ground.
This man is wearing a brown button up shirt over a white t shirt and has on a pair of green pants and also is wearing a back pack. 
A man wearing a tan, button up shirt and jeans has his hands up to his mouth trying to whistle.
The man has short black hair.  He is wearing a white tee shirt with a tan long sleeve button down shirt over it, blue jeans, and gray shoes.  He wears glasses.
A woman is wearing a flowe dress, her back is to the camera the woman is indoora
A lady with short dark hair wearing a pink and multi-color print dress is carrying something in her arms.
A woman with short brown hair is wearing a short sleeved pink and black floral patterned dress.
A woman wearing a tight fitting, pink and gray dress with gray shapes and a high collar.
The man has black hair, is wearing a white t-shirt, a watch on his wrist, gray shorts, and tennis shoes on his feet.
The man with short hair who is walking, has a white shirt, gray shorts, and dark shoes
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
The woman is visible from the back. She is wearing a white tunic with long sleeves, white capri pants, and silver sandals. Her hair is in a pony tail.
Woman with long ponytail wearing a green dress and green shoes was crossing the street carrying a grocery bag.
A woman in pair of gray pants, a pair of gray shoes and a gray jacket.
The woman has long dark hair and is wearing a gray jacket. She's wearing capri pants and carrying a white purse. 
A woman wearing a white shirt with a drawing on it, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
The woman has long black hair. She wears a white t-shirt and blue jeans. She carries a patterned purse.
the woman is taking a step, wearing a dark blue shirt and black pants. she has short dark hair and is carrying a dark blue bag.
The woman is wearing a short sleeved blue top and is holding a dark bag. Her hair is dark and short.
a woman with black hair in a pony tail and a teal shirt and white leggings and flip flops carrying a laptop case
The woman is talking on the phone. She is wearing white pants and a long light blue tops. She has long, black hair and is carrying a black bag on her right arm.
A woman wears a light grey shirt and white leggings. She also has a black handbag.
The pedestrian carries a bag and a phone in her hands. She wears glasses with her hair pulled back.
The person wears a white t-shirt, shortened blue jeans, and white shoes. They have short hair.
This woman has long black hair and she's wearing a white shirt and blue shorts and white shoes.
A partially bald man wearing a dark color shirt and grey pants is walking down the street.
This man is wearing a black short sleeve t-shirt, black pants and flip flops. He is scratching the left side of his head with his right hand.
A man wearing a pair of black pants, a black t-shirt and a pair of shoes on his feet.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of dark blue jeans and a pair of shoes.
The woman is wearing white pants, and a white plush robe.  She is climbing the stairs.
A woman wearing a thick white jacket,a pair of white and gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man is caring a backpack on his back and walking while looking down. He is wearing all black.
A man wearing a black shirt with a white logo, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
He  has  short  black hair  and is wearing a  black  shirt  . He  is  also  carrying  a  black back pack.
A man with a light collared button down shirt tucked into denim jeans has a bookbag and black belt. He is also wearing a lightjacket and white sneakers
This man is looking down and he's wearing a khaki colored jacket, dark gray pants and a black backpack on his back.
This man has short black hair and he's looking own and wearing a khaki colored jacket over a white and gray plaid shirt, gray slacks and he's carrying a black bag over his shoulder.
A man with black hair, wearing a grey jacket and jeans, is walking an looking down.  He is also carrying a black bag over his shoulder. 
The women is wearing a red shirt and shorts. She is carrying a pink bag on her right shoulder. 
The person is wearing white shorts, red shirt and has a pink purse. The person is wearing green sneakers and has black hair.
This woman is wearing a black jacket, black pants and black high-heeled shoes. She is carrying a dark grey purse.
Woman is wearing a black shirt, black plants, and black shoes.  The woman also is carrying a maroon hand bag.
She is wearing light shoes, long dark pants, and a long sleeved black jacket. She is carrying a large purse over her left shoulder.
The women is walking while wearing a black jacket, black pants and black high heel shoes. 
He is  wearing  a light  blue  shirt  with  black pants   and  large  black boots  .  He is   actually  standing  with  his  arms  crossed  as  well .
the man is wearing a light blue t shirt and black pants. He is wearing black shoes.
A man walking toward the right wearing a light blue buttoned shirt, pink shorts, and brown shoes. 
The man is wearing a white shirt and light pink shorts. He is wearing slip on shoes and is carrying a bag over his shoulders.
The boy is wearing blue short pants and a white shirt. His shoes are blue and green.
The boy is wearing a white shirt with bright blue shorts. He is wearing green and blue shoes. 
Woman with long straight black hair, blue and white hoodie jacket, holding a green clear plastic water bottle, wearing black pants and brown shoes, walking.
A woman wearing a white and blue jacket and blue jeans holding a bottle of soda in her right hand.
This person is wearing a white and blue sweatshirt. She has long hair and glasses. They are wearing black pants with shoes that appear to be an orange color. 
The woman is looking down and carrying a blue water bottle and is wearing blue jeans with a white and blue jacket
A man wearing glasses has his straight right arm in back of his body and his straight left arm in front of his body with his left leg bent at the knee and foot raised behind him. He wears a maroon t-shirt with black banding at the neck and sleeves, dark-gray slacks and black shoes with an object below his waist reflecting light twice.
The man has dark hair and is wearing a purple polo. He has on dark pants. 
The man is wearing a burgundy shirt.  He has on grey pants and black shoes.  He has short, dark hair and is wearing glasses.
The man is wearing a dark purple collared short with gray dress pants and black belt.
The man has brown hair and is wearing a charcoal colored  business suit over a white button down. He is walking across a field.
This man is wearing a brown suit with a dark tie and white dress shirt.
The man has short black hair. He is wearing a white shirt, grey suit jacket, grey suit pants, and black shoes. 
A young man with short dark hair is walking toward the camera. He is wearing eyeglasses, a white tee shirt with a decal of a human face on it, knee-length dark colored shorts, and dark colored shoes. He is carrying a bag on his right hip with a long dark strap slung over his left shoulder.
The man is wearing a white t-shirt with black shorts. He is also carrying a camera bag.
Light skinned, dark haired male wearing a white T-Shirt, black knee length shorts, and brown sandals. He's also wearing a green cross body tote bag. 
This person is visible from the back and is wearing a white short sleeve t-shirt with a graphic on the back, capri pants and sandals. They have a green bag over their shoulder.
He is wearing a light brown button up shirt, blue pants and is carrying a backpack.
The man is wearing a stripped tan shirt with the sleeves rolled slightly up over his white T-shirt. He is also wearing blue jeans, sun-glasses, and a watch.
A man wearing a white shirt under a brown shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
a woman is wearing an orange short sleeved dress. the dress has black decoration all ove the dress.
The woman is wearing a pink and blue dress. She is toting objects in her hand.
The woman is wearing a pink floral print short sleeve knee length dress. She has short light brown hair.
A woman with neat chin-length brown hair wears a slim and long pink dress with a pattern of swirling black leaves and stems designed with cap sleeves and a high collar.
The man is wearing a white t-shirt, grey shorts, and blue sneakers. He is wearing a watch on his left wrist. He is carrying a brown bag with his right hand. 
Male with short dark hair. White short sleeved tee shirt. Light shorts, dark soled sneakers. Carrying package in left hand.
A man with short cropped hair wearing a white shirt with grey pants and grey sneakers carrying a brown paper bag.
A woman in a gray jacket, a pair of gray pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The woman is seen from the side.  She is wearing a green dress.  Her hair is in a ponytail and she is carrying a shopping bag.
This woman has her hair pulled back into a ponytail. It hangs down to the middle of her back. She is wearing a long green shirt with matching pants. She appears to he carrying something in her hands.
The woman is walking and she is wearing a long grey shirt with light grey leggings and dark grey shoes.She is also carrying a white purse
This woman is walking on brick pavement.  She has blue jean pants on.  She has a white t-shirt on and is holding someone's hand.
A woman wearing a white t-shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
A man wearing a blue t-shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown shoes.
The woman is on an escalator wearing a blue shirt with a blue purse on her right shoulder.
The woman is wearing a light grey long shirt with white leggings and tan shoes.She is also carrying a black briefcase
The woman is wearing white pants and shirt.  She is talking on the phone.  She has dark hair.
The person has a long short sleeved shirt on and is carrying a black brief case bag. The person is wearing white leggings and the dark brown hair is in a ponytail. 
The woman has glasses and long dark hair pulled back into a ponytail.  She is wearing a mint green short-sleeved blouse and white pants with flat shoes.  She is carrying a black bag.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue pants and a pair of white shoes.
A pedestrian walking to the left wearing a white shirt, blue jeans, and white shoes.
The man wears a blue t-shirt and grey pants with blue flip flop slippers as he walks down the street.
A man wearing a black t-shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black sandals.
A balding man is wearing a short sleeved black tshirt and black pants. He has dark hair. 
The man has light colored hair. He's wearing a black shirt with the sleeves rolled up, jeans and sandals.
The woman is wearing a white robe with the sleeves rolled up.  She has on light colored pajama style pants.
She has  shoulder length  brown hair   .  She  is  wearing   a  shimmering  fabric  for her top  .  She appears  to  be  wearing  pajama   bottoms  .
A young man with dark colored hair wearing a dark colored shirt, pants and shoes and carrying a dark colored backpack.
He has short  black  hair  and is  carrying  a  black  back pack.  He is  also  wearing a  black  shirt .
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
A man with black hair is wearing glasses, a plaid blue dress shirt, a large tan jacket, blue jeans and sneakers.
Male with short dark hair is wearing a tan coat and blueish color pants.  He is carrying a backpack on one shoulder. 
A man wearing a blue shirt, a brown jacket, a pair of blue pants and a pair of white shoes.
A man wearing a brown jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a black back pack.
The girl is walking very fast. She is wearing a red shirt, and has a red shoulder bag. She also has on brown socks and shoesl
The lady wears a red t shirt white shorts blue ankle socks with beige sneakers she carries a red hand bag.
The woman with shoulder length brown hair is wearing a short red satin dress and beige shoes.
THE GIRL IS DRESSED IN A RED DRESS . SHE HAS ON TAN SHOES WITH DARK COLORED SOCKS.
The man has short black hair. He is wearing a grey and black striped shirt, a pair of dark jeans, and white sneakers with black soles. He is carrying a black jacket on his left arm and has his right foot forward while walking. 
A man wearing a black jacket and matching pants is walking as he carries a jacket over his arm. 
The man wears a black jacket, dark pants, and white shoes. He has a dark coat in hand.
This man is wearing a black shirt and black pants. This man is also wearing white shoes.
sparkle midnight blue fitted jacket with collar; black top worn under jacket; black pleated skirt above the knee; black pantyhose; silver shoes that strapped around ankle
A woman is wearing a closed, blue jacket entirely covered in sequins over a black blouse and full, black miniskirt over black tights and high-heeled silver shoes with an ankle strap.
The girl is performing on a stage. She is wearing a blue sparkly top with a black mini skirt with black leggings underneath. She has white heels on. 
A young man is wearing a black a white sleeveless t-shirt, grey shorts and coral colored sneakers. 
The man is wearing a black tank top and gray shorts. His sneakers are red and his hands are in his pockets.
A woman wearing a white shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of black pants, a pair of glasses and a pair of white shoes.
She has  shoulder length  black  hair   . She  is also  wearing  a  grey shirt  and  black pants  .
Person of undetermined gender is wearing a pullover shirt with a blue and white stripped design, with a long lanyard covering part of the front.  They carry a shoulder bag with a black strap on their right shoulder and are wearing dark colored pants and shoes
This man is wearing a white/grey striped short sleeved shirt, black pants, and black shoes. He is also carrying a black bag on his shoulder.
The man is walking in long dark wide-leg pants and a blue and white short-sleeved shirt. He has a name tag around his neck and a dark bag over his white shoulder.
The man is wearing a horizontally stripped polo and black pants. He is carrying a work bag over his shoulder.
A teenage boy with glasses wearing a pink tee shirt with light blue-grey denim shorts carrying a backpack. He has earbuds on.
A young man with black hair, wearing a red shirt, black pants, and headphones is walking. 
The man has dark hair, is wearing glasses, and is carrying a backpack. He has on a pink shirt and dark pants with tennis shoes. 
The man is wearing a red shirt and dark jeans and carrying a black backpack. 
The lady has long light brown hair and is wearing a 3/4 sleeve black top and black pants.
A woman wearing a black tight fitting long sleeve blouse, a pair of tight black pants.
A man wearing a blue and white shirt, a pair of green shorts and a pair of blue, green and white shoes.l
THE MAN IS WEARING BLACK SHORTS  WITH A WHITE  TEE SHIRT .HE ALSO WEARS BLACK SNEAKERS WITH BRIGHT NEON GREEN SHOESTRINGS.
A large man with dark hair wearing a blue t-shirt that fades to white at the bottom, dark shorts and blue tennis shoes with bright green laces.
blue ball cap; blue and white short sleeve shirt; black and white shorts; tennis shoes black and yellow
A man wearing a blue shirt with a white logo, a pair of black shorts and a pair of gray and white shoes.
A young woman is walking purposefully. Her hair is in a pony tail. She is wearing dark clothing and holding a bag.
A woman with black hair is wearing a brown shirt, green capri pants, black shoes and has a large red bag.
The woman has her dark hair in a ponytail and is wearing glasses. She is carrying a bag and is wearing a brown shirt, gray capris, and closed toe shoes. 
A woman is walking with a red bag and her hand up to her head and wearing gray shirt and pants.
A person is carrying a lavender-colored tote bag on the left side from a bent arm while dressed in a pale green, short sleeve shirt over brown pants and black shoes.
Looks like this person is shopping but I can't tell if this person is reading something or texting on his cell phone.
The young man has short dark brown hair and is wearing a short-sleeved light green t-shirt, gray pants and black shoes.  He is carrying a bottle in his left hand.
The man has very curly short brown hair parted on the right side, and is wearing a white, long-sleeved business shirt, black tie, black slacks, and black business shoes. 
A man wears a muted-patterned vest of light and dark grays over a white long-sleeve shirt and a pair of black trousers and black shoes.
A young boy wearing a black and white hat, a blue shirt with a number on front, a pair of stripe shorts and a pair of red sandals.
The little boy is wearing his hat backwards. He has on a blue, short sleeved shirt and grey plaid shorts.
The boys wears a dark blue shirt with the number "80" on it.  He has on plaid shorts and red sandals.  He has on a baseball cap turned around backwards
A woman wearing a black jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of brown shoes.
The woman is wearing a leather black jacket with some light blue jean pants, she is also carrying a brown bag.
She has short  brown hair  and is  wearing a  grey  sweater  .  She is also holding a large magazine  in  both  hands .
The woman is wearing black tennis shoes, slim black sweatpants, a dark grey sweatshirt, a black back pack and has short brown hair.
The man is wearing a grey shirt with white faces design,black shorts,black socks and grey shoes.
A man has his arms at his side with fingers of one hand touching his thumb while he takes a small step forward. He wears a gray t-shirt with the white image of three heads across his chest, black pocketed shorts ending above his knees and gray running shoes.
The man with glasses is wearing a black cap, a medium gray short sleeved T-shirt with light writing on the front, and black and gray shorts which have vertical stripes running down them. He is also wearing black socks.
A man with brown hair and a beard is wearing glasses, a grey shirt with white logo, plaid shorts, black socks and sneakers.
The lady has short dark hair and is wearing a long sleeve dress with layered colors of grey, pink, light blue and black along with black shoes. She is carrying a light colored bag on her left arm.
A woman wearing a green, pink and blue shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a black, blue and pink shirt, ap air of blue jeans and a pair of white and black shoes.
A woman wearing a green, pink and blue blouse, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man has short dark hair and us wearing a light blue short sleeve t-shirt and light brown shorts with sandals.
He is  wearing a  baseball  cap . He  is  wearing a  blue shirt  and  short pants   and  sandals on  his  feet .
The lady is wearing a black short sleeve t-shirt with a colorful print on the front in the shape of a square. She is wearing dark Capri pants and light colored shoes.
A woman is wearing tight blue pants that cut off at her calf. Her shoes are light blue and she has a black tee-shirt on with a graphic on the front. She has a purse lover her left shoulder.
This woman is wearing a dark short sleeved shirt with a light design on the front. She is also pants wearing pants that are over her ankles, and a pink floral shoulder bag.
The man wears a grey wife beater and black shorts. He wears black shoes and has a black backpack on.
The man is wearing a gray tank top and is walking with his left arm around a woman. He is carrying a tote bag such that it is resting on his right hip. His right leg is forward as he walks, and he is wearing black shoes into which he slid his feet. 
This young man wears a grey shirt and jean shorts that go down to the knee. He is also sporting black sandals and carrying a black backpack.
He is  working on his  cell phone  as  he  walks  . He is  wearing  a light shirt  and short pants   and  is  currently  carrying a  back pack .
A man in a pair of short, blue jean shorts, a gray t-shirt, a black backpack and a pair of white and black shoes.
The man has very short hair. He is wearing a grey t-shirt and denim shorts and flip flops. He has a black backpack on.
A female is standing along with her child. She has an athletic bag that matches her dress. Her hair is tied up and she has on glasses. 
The woman has brown hair with a red dress on. She is also walking into a room.
This person has brown shoulder length hair, red shirt white shorts above the knee blue socks brown shoes and a red bag.
A man wearing tennis shoes, dark colored pants and a long sleeve shirt. He is carrying a jacket. 
The man is wearing a black shirt and black trousers with white running shoes on his feet. He is carrying a black coat.
He is wearing a black shirt and black pants. On his feet are white sneakers. He has black hair and appears to be carrying a black jacket over his right arm.
A man with a black jacket over his right arm is wearing a black long sleeve top, black pants, and white shoes. 
A woman wearing a sparkle blue jacket, a black skirt, a pair of black leggings and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a blue sparking long sleeve shirt, a pair of black tights, a short black skirt and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wearing a shiny blue jacket, a short black skirt, a pair of black leggings and a pair of gray high heel shoes.
The boy is wearing a sleeveless navy t-shirt, denim shorts and bright red Adidas shoes.  He is carrying a bag over his shoulder.  
An Asian male with his hands in the pockets of his light grey shorts wearing a sleeveless dark shirt and bright red sneakers.
this young lady has on a light blue shirt with a scripted picture on the fron, glasses, white ear buds attached to something inher left pocket, tight jeans, white shoes and light colored socks walking upstairs
A woman wearing a gray shirt with a brown picture and a pair of dark black pants.
The man is walking and he is wearing a light and dark grey shirt with blsck pants and black shoes.He is also carrying a black small shoulder bag
A man visible from the back is walking in the street. He carry a black briefcase on is right shoulder.
A man is walking and carrying a bag over his right shoulder. He is wearing a gray hat, gray pants, and a white shirts with wide, blue-gray stripes. He is also carrying a lanyard with a white tag around his neck.
The man has a grey and white striped shirt on.  He also has on black pants and black shoes with a carry bag strapped around his shoulder.
A man with short black hair is wearing glasses, a bright pink shirt, white earbud headphones and grey pants.
A man with black hair is wearing glasses, white earbud headphones, grey pants and a black backpack.
The man is wearing a short sleeved, red t-shirt and dark pants. He has glasses and a black backpack.
A man with short dark hair wearing glasses a bright red t shirt black pants sneakers and headphones 
Woman wearing long black shiny pants with a black fitted shirt with medium length sleeves.
A Caucasian woman with long brown hair wearing a black shirt with black pants. She is facing away and is very pale.
Man wearing blue and white t-shirt and blue shoes standing beside another man looking a wall support.
The man wears a light blue and white shirt. He wears dark green pants. His running shoes are black with green laces.
A man wearing a blue and white shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of blue and white shoes.
He is wearing a blue and white t-shirt with black shorts. His hat is blue and shoes are green. He wears glasses and also has a watch on is left wrist.
The man is wearing is wearing a blue and white fitness shirt with shorts and tennis shoes and a cap.
A woman with black hair in a pony tail is wearing a short sleeved shirt, dark pants and shoes. She is carrying a large bag.
This young man has short black hair and he's wearing a plaid shirt and olive green short pants and he's carrying a red bag.
The woman is wearing a long sleeved, gray shirt, gray pants, and black tennis shoes with white soles. She has long, dark hair in a ponytail and is carrying a red bag.
The woman is wearing a gray shirt and gray pants that stop at her ankle. She is carrying a red handbag.
This person is walking along in a pale green color top and grey pants carrying what appears to be a white youth's top.  
The man is reading something holding a white bag wearing a green shirt and grey pants.
A man wearing a green shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
This man is wearing a white long sleeved shirt, a gray vest, black pants, and black shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt, a gray vest and a pair of black pants with black shoes.
A little boy that is wearing a backwards baseball cap, a blue t-shirt with red and white stripes on the sleeves and plaid shorts with red sandals. 
The little boy of Asian descent is wearing a short sleeve short with red and white stripes on the sleeve.  It has 30 on the front.  He is also wearing red sandals and dark shorts.
The boy is wearing a grey backwards hat and a dark blue jersey shirt with the number eighty on it, and also has red sandals on.
The woman is walking and wearing a bag slung across her chest and a dark jacket. 
The woman is wearing a black, long sleeved jacket, blue jeans, and light colored shoes, and is carrying a large, light colored bag.
A woman wearing a gray sweater, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The woman has a hooded sweatshirt on with a backpack. Atheletics pants with athletic shoes and is carrying what appears to be abook. 
The man walks while wearing a grey t-shirt and black shorts.  He also has on black socks.
He has  short  brown  hair  that is  neatly  cut . He is  wearing a   t-shirt  and  short pants  .
A dark haired young man with glasses wearing a dark gray graphic t-shirt and patterned long shorts with dark socks.
A man wearing a black shirt with white writing, a pair of black stripe pants and a pair of gray and white shoes.
A dark haired woman with a bag on her arm. She is wearing a jacket.
green, purple and blue tunic top; black ankle length pants; handbag on both arms; dark black shoes
The woman wears a black top with a pink and blue stripe. She is always wearing black pants. 
The woman has shoulder length dark, straight hair. She is wearing a long tunic style shirt with dark green, hot pink, and blue stripes. She is wearing black cropped pants, and black flats. She carries a green bag on her left arm, and a black bag over her right shoulder.
The man is wearing gray shorts, flip flops, and a blue t-shirt, and he is looking away from the camera towards a blue wall.
The man has on a black short sleeved shirt, gray shorts, and sandals. He is facing the side.
An older asian couple both wearing glasses and tennis shoes looking at a cell phone.
She is wearing a black t-shirt with a brightly colored front. She is carrying a large purse with flower pattern.
The lady wears a black and white t shirt blue pants with light blue sneakers she carries a black,white and pink shoulder while looking at the cell phone.
The man has short black hair. He is wearing a grey no sleeve shirt, black shorts, and black shoes. He is carrying a black back pack. 
Young light skinned man with short dark hair wearing a dark tank top and wearing a brown patterned fanny pack and black shoes with an open heal. 
A man wearing a gray t-shirt, a pair of blue jean short and a pair of sandals.
A guy with brown hair wearing a grey t-shirt, jean shorts, flip flops and a back pack.
A male looking down at something in his hand. He has on a light grey shirt with long blue jean shorts. He has a black book bag on his back.
THE MAN IS WEARING BLUE JEAN SHORTS AND A TEE SHIRT. HE HAS FLIPFLOPS ON HIS FEET
The woman is wearing a black sleeveless dress with a sheer panel near the hem, carries a black backpack with light colored straps over both shoulders, and light colored shoes with a wedge heel.
the woman is wearing a black dress with light colored slip on shoes. She has on a black backpack and a light blue shopping bag.
The woman is wearing a short black dress and pink shoes and is carrying a pink purse
A girl with long brown hair wearing a tank top and shorts.  She is carrying a purse by the handle walking down the sidewalk.
A boy is wearing a turquoise and white t-shirt, shorts, sneakers and has a bag slung across his chest. 
The child is wearing a turquoise shirt and blue denim shorts. The child also has a bag draped over their right shoulder, which is located over their left hip.
The girl has shoulder length dark teased hair. The girl is wearing a short gray dress that reaches mid-thigh. She is wearing gray peep toe sling back heels. 
The woman wears a black dress that ends above her knees. She wears black shoes and has medium length black hair.
A man looking to the side with blue jeans, a long sleeve shirt, and a black backpack. 
The man is wearing a black coat, ripped light jeans and black and white tennis shoes. 
This individual has dark, short hair with long bangs, glasses, wearing a black jacket over a dark shirt with a black backpack, blue jeans, and dark shoes with thick, white soles.
A young man with glasses and dark hair, dressed for cool weather is walking in a slow, sad manner.
A woman with long black hair is wearing a white and black striped shirt, black pants, brown shoes and a jacket.
A young woman with a long sleeved top with a stripped shirt underneath it. She is looking to her left as she is walking straight ahead
A woman with long black hair is wearing a red jacket over skinny black pants and a pair of loafers.
She has  shoulder  length  black hair   and is  wearing  a red  hoodie  .  She is  also  wearing  black pants  . 
A woman wearing a light blue shirt, a pair of faded blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
A woman wearing blue shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
The lady wears a blue shirt blue jeans with yellow shoes she carries a white, green,and black back pack pulling a black luggage bag.
The man has short hair and is moving his hands quickly. He is wearing a grey jacket and tight grey pants. 
He  is  wearing  a black jacket  that is  zipped up  and  dark  colored pants  .   He is also  carrying  something  in one  of  his hands  .
The woman is walking away. She is wearing a pink shirt, and a black blouse. She is also carrying a black handbag.
A woman wearing a purple tank top, a pair of black shorts and a pair of brown shoes.
The man has dark hair, and is wearing a grey and black polo shirt with a white collar.  He is wearing slip on shoes and is carrying a phone in his right hand.  He also has a cross-body bag.
The man is wearing a polo shirt with navy shoulders and sleeves with white accent at sleeve edge, and the body of the shirt is khaki. the slim fitting knee length shorts are khaki with navy cuffs at the knees. He has a wrist watch on the left arm, tan, slip on clogs, is carrying a cell phone in the right hand, and has a black bag across left shoulder and resting on right hip.
The woman has long black hair and is wearing a white shirt and a light blue jacket that is long with lapels, blue jeans, and white tennis shoes. She also has on a necklace. 
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jean pants, a pair of white shoes and a blue jacket.
The woman has short, dark hair.  She is wearing a red top, a black fanny-pack, black pants and blue Nike shoes with a white swoosh and white trim.
This woman is wearing a baggy red collared shirt.  She is pulling luggage with her left hand.  She has black pants on and is wearing a black belt.
This woman has short black hair and she's wearing a short sleeved red blouse and black pants and a black waist pack.
A woman wearing a pink shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The girl wears dark shoes, dark long pants, and a dark trench coat. She is carrying a bag and has her hair in a ponytail.
A girl with a ponytail wearing a black jacket with blue denim pants and snekers carrying a shoulder satchel.
This woman has long black hair that's pulled into a pony tail and she's wearing a long black coat, black pants and she's holding something in her hands.
A young girl is walking. She has long dark straight hair in a ponytail and is wearing glasses with dark rims. She is wearing a black winter coat and dark grey pants and brown shoes and is carrying a black handbag with a long strap over one shoulder. 
A man is wearing a dark shirt and dark pants. Over his shirt, he is wearing a bright orange vest.
A man in a red shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes and black socks.
The man is wearing a yellow and tan striped short sleeve shirt and tan khaki pants.
The man is wearing a yellow and gray striped polo shirt and gray pants. He is stepping up onto a curb. 
Young man with short black hair wearing glasses, a yellow and grey striped shirt, and grey trousers.
The man is wearing a grey and yellow horizontally striped shirt and grey pants. He is wearing grey and white shoes.
The woman has dark hair and  is wearing a long, black dress with tennis shoes.
The woman in a calf length black dress is wearing black tennis shoes. She has a black shoulder bag and a piece of white paper in her hand.
She has very long, dark blonde hair, wears blue sunglasses and is wearing a long sleeved navy and white shirt with black short shorts.
The woman wears a striped black and white shirt. She wears denim shorts and black shoes. She also wears sunglasses.
The person is wearing short black shorts, a blue and white horizontal striped shirt and aviator sunglasses.
The blonde woman is carrying a white purse and wearing a blue and white top with short black shorts. 
The man is wearing glasses, and has short dark hair. He is carrying a green bag over his left shoulder to his right side. He is wearing a black shirt with a graphic on the front, and camo shorts. 
A man in camouflage shorts has a black tee shirt with small white stripes and a green and gray bag hanging from a shoulder stands by a subway.
The mans has short black hair, is wearing a short-sleeved, black top and camouflage pants. He has a bag slung over his shoulder and has his hands on his hips. 
A man wearing a dark black shirt, a pair of camo style shorts, a pair of gray shoes and a pair of black socks.
A woman with dark hair carrying a black bag on her shoulder. Her shoes are black, her pants are dark and her shirt is white. 
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The pedestrian with short hair walks with their hands in their pockets. They also wear a striped, collared shirt with dark pants.
A man in a blue and lack stripe shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white and black shoes.
A man in a gray and black stripe shirt, a pair of black pants and a black belt.
The man is wearing a blue stripped shirt with different shades of other blues.  He has on black pants and shoes.
The woman wears a light orange cardigan with a white flower dress and white tennis shoes. She has glasses and carries a small red purse.
A woman wearing a floral print dress, a pair of white shoes and a pair of glasses.
The woman has long black hair. She is wearing a long grey coat, grey pants, and white shoes. She is carrying a black purse. 
The woman wears a long black top that goes past her legs. She wears gray pants and black sandals. She has a black purse and looks down at her phone.
A woman looks down at her lifted cell phone while she carries a tote bag over her shoulder. Her hair falls over the back of a long, mid-calf, dark-gray sweater over slim, light-blue jeans and brown sandals.
This woman has long black hair and bangs and she stands as if she is holding something in her right hand while she looks down at it. She is thin and is wearing a gray long sleeve sweater that falls to almost her ankle. Her shirt is white and her pants are light denim colored; her shoes are white with a black pattern.
The man wears a black jacket a green shirt black pants with black shoes he looks as he crosses the street.
A man wearing a green shirt, a gray jacket and a pair of gray pants with black shoes.
A woman wearing a black see through dress, a pair of black shoes and a black back pack.
The individual appears to be female, with dark hair and side-swept bangs, wearing a black tank-top with a white picture on the front, black shorts, pink shoes, and is carrying a square, pink bag.
A woman wearing a black top with a pair of black short shorts carrying a purse in her right hand.
 A boy wearing a blue shirt with white and grey words on it with black jean shorts and dark blue shoes.
The person is wearing a baby blue t-shirt and knee length jean shorts. They have a black bag across their body. 
The woman is wearing a dark gray or black sleeveless top, a dark gray or black mini-skirt, and black shoes open at the heels.  Her left arm is extended in front, and her right arm is extended slightly behind her.
The woman is wearing a black dress with black hair and black strappy heals. She is holding her right elbow with her left hand.
The man is wearing jeans and black tennis shoes. He is also wearing a backpack on his back.
The black haired man is walking.  He wears a dark grey sweater, black shirt,  blue jeans,  and mostly black shoes. 
A man who is warming a black jacket, jeans, and a black school bag is walking along a path. 
The man is facing forward, and is wearing dark blue jeans with rips on both sides of the leg area.  He has on dark brown shoes with white soles.  He's looking down as he walks.  He has on prescription glasses, he has short black hair.  He's wearing a black jacket that is unzipped at the chest, and has on a dark red shirt on underneath his jacket.
A woman wearing a black and white stripe shirt, a black jacket and a pair of black pants.
A woman with long black hair is wearing a black and white striped shirt, a dark red sweater, black pants, tan shoes and a dark bag.
The woman is wearing black skinny jeans, brown loafers, and has a red jacket on. She has medium length black hair.
The girl is wearing a red hoodie sweater with dark black tights and dark shoes.
The women is holding on something. Shes carrying a backpack. Shes wearing a blue shirt and jeans.
The lady wears a blue shirt blue pants with beige shoes she stands along the street and carries a black and white back pack holding a pink object inside her hand.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, a pair of blue jean pants and a pair of brown shoes.
He is wearing dark colored pants and a dark colored, leather jacket zipped up to his chin. 
A man wearing a black leather jacket, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
violet purple shirt below the waistline; pleated in the back; black skirt above the knee; black purse on shoulder; dark colored shoes
This lady is wearing a light colored top with a dark skirt and she is carrying a bag over her shoulder.
The man is wearing a blue and white collared shirt along with blue and white shorts. He is wearing brown slip-on sandals and carries a bag over his left shoulder. He is holding a cellphone in his right hand.
The man is wearing beige shorts and a beige and dark colored collared shirt. He has a shoulder bag on as well as a phone in one hand and a bracelet or watch on the opposite wrist. 
The woman is wearing a lavender overcoat with matching pants, a white shirt and white shoes.
The woman is walking and is wearing a long blue jacket, white shirt, blue jeans, and white shoes.
THE WOMAN WEARS A RED SHIRT WITH BLACK PANTS AND A BLACK FANNY PACK AROUND HER WAIST WITH BLACK AND WHITE TENNIS SHOES
A woman pulls the silver handle of a wheeled cart carrying black-and-white plaid luggage rolling behind her. She wears a short-sleeve, long red shirt with black belt over black pants. 
A woman wearing a red shirt a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man has black hair, a red collared shirt with a black fanny pack around his waist and black jeans and black and white tennis shoes.
This young woman has her long black hair pulled into a pony tail and she's looking down and wearing a black coat and black pants and shoes.
A woman with dark hair in a ponytail wearing a long black coat dark pants and dark shoes.  She is carrying a messenger bag over her right shoulder
The woman is wearing a long, black coat, black pants, and black tennis shoes. She has glasses, dark hair in a ponytail, and a black bag over her shoulder.
A girl with a ponytail and glasses wearing a black jacket with dark blue denim pants and carrying a black shoulder satchel.
An African man wearing a black uniform and a bright orange safety vest stands in the middle of a street and directs traffic.
A man is walking to the left.  He is wearing orange.  We cannot tell if it is a road construction vest or maybe an orange shirt.  He is wearing dark pants and what appears to be boots.
The man has on a yellow and grey striped shirt with light colored long pants and white shoes and is wearing glasses.
The man is wearing a short sleeved, yellow and gray striped shirt, gray pants, and gray shoes. He has short, dark hair and glasses.
This man has short black hair and has glasses on his face and has a yellow and grey striped shirt.
A man wearing a yellow and gray stripe shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of white shoes.
A woman wearing a long, black dress and a apir of white and black shoes with shoe laces.
The woman is wearing a black dress and black shoes. She is carrying a black messenger bag. 
This woman is wearing a blue and white horizontal striped long sleeved shirt with very short cut off jean shorts and a pair of mirrored sunglasses.
The lady wearing shades wears a blue, white shirt black shorts and black sandals with straps she holds a white cell phone as she walks along the sidewalk.
The lady wearing shades wears a blue and white shirt black shorts with black high heeled shoes she carries a short hand bag and holds a white paper in her hands.
A woman wearing a pair of jean shorts, a white and purple stripe shirt, a pair of black socks and a pair of black shoes.
MALE WITH SHORT BLACK HAIR WEARING GLASSSES AND CARRYING BRIGHT GREEN SHOULDER BAG WITH BLACK TRIM. WEARING BLACK T-SHIRT WITH ROUND WHITE LOGO ON FRONT AND ALSO LIGHTER COLORED SINGLE HORIZONTAL STRIPE ON SLEEVES AND AT BOTTOM HEM OF SHIRT, WITH  SHORTS TO KNEE  IN SHADES OF LIGHT AND DARKER GRAYS, POSSIBLE CAMO PATTERN. WEARING LIGHT COLOR SHOES WITH BLACK ANKLE SOCKS.
A man wearing a black t-shirt, a pair of army style shorts and a green back pack on his stomach.
A man in a black shirt and camouflage pants waits patiently at a subway station.
This young man has short black hair and is wearing a black shirt with gray stripes around the arms and waist, and army pattern shorts and is facing away from the camera.
the woman has short black hair, black pants, dark shoes, and a black bag on her shoulder 
The man is wearing a white t-shirt, black jeans, and black and white shoes.  He is wearing a black back pack over one shoulder.
The man with short dark hair is wearing a short sleeved shirt with gray and black stripes and a white collar. He has on black pants and black shoes. 
The man is wearing a blue and white striped shirt and black pants.  He is also wearing black shoes.
A man with glasses walks with a badge around his neck. He wears a horizontal stripe short sleeve shirt and dark pants. His hand is in his pocket.
A man in a blue, gray and black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
woman with white top with some design and red colored bag walking along with her girl friend
A woman with long black hair wearing a light orange top with a floral patterned spring dress and white shoes carrying a red hand purse.
She is  walking  under  a moveable  tarp. She is  wearing a   long   dark colored  rain jacket  as  well.

Woman with dark, long, straight hair is looking at her cell phone, she is wearing a long, dark see through cover- up, with light colored pants and black and white sneakers.
A woman wearing a long black jacket, a pair of gray pants and a pair of brown shoes on her feet.
Young women with long dark straight hair below her shoulders and bangs wearing glasses and a light pink shirt with stripes and blue pants and white sneakers with a black design and a long blue sweater with long sleeves. 
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of gray pants, a pair of black shoes and a gray jacket
This person is wearing a blue shirt, black jacket, black pants nd black shoes. His hair is white and he is balding. His stomach is rounded. 
A male with a white teeshirt and backpack walks, with jeans and a watch on as well. 
The man wears a white shirt blue jean pants with brown shoes he walks inside the building and carries a black back pack pushing a brown luggage cart.
The man is wearing a white tee shirt and black shorts, he has on black nike shoes. He is wearing a black backpack.
A man wearing a white t-shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man wears a red and white t shirt blue shorts with white sneakers he carries a beige shoulder bag.
I would say this is a college student possibly running to another class or to meet a friend.
The stocky man, who has his back to the viewer, is wearing a black jacket, black pants, and black shoes. He is carrying a black briefcase.  To complete the blackness, he has black hair.
The man has dark hair.  He is wearing a grey suit and dark colored shoes.
This person is walking. They have on a red shirt and light shorts. they have a purse or bag over their right shoulder and are carrying something in their right hand.
The man has short black hair, a red tshirt, tan shorts, tan sneakers, is walking and carrying something under his right arm.
A man wearing a red shirt with gold writing on the front, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of dark blue pants, a pair of black shoes and a bag on his right shoulder.
The man has short thinning grey hair and is wearing a short sleeved grey collared button down shirt over grey trousers and sandals.  He is carrying a black messenger bag cross-chested hung from his right shoulder and a red grocery bag in his right hand.
A woman wearing a short sleeve, white t-shirt, a colorful, long skirt and a pair of pink shoes.
The brunette lady with the long pony tailed hair and long skirt is wearing white sneakers.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of pink shoes and a blue, black, white and pink skirt.
A woman with long black hair is wearing a brown long sleeve top, black pants and is holding a blue umbrella.
A woman with long black hair is wearing a dark top and she has on a fitted pair of dark pants.
A woman with long black hair is wearing a dark long sleeve top, long black pants and shoes.
A woman wearing a purple shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman is wearing eyeglasses, holding a straw tote bag over her left shoulder and wearing a gold watch. She is wearing a black, short-sleeve t-shirt printed with round white graphic with letters over knee-length shorts and tan sandals. 
This woman is wearing a black short sleeved shirt, grey shorts, and black sandals. She is also carrying a white purse on her shoulder.
This man is wearing a white short sleeved shirt, black shorts, and black shoes. He is also carrying a bag on his back while riding a bicycle.
A man in a grey shirt and black shorts has his back slung across his shoulder as he rides his bicycle.
A woman with dark, short hair is riding a bike.  She is wearing a white short sleeved shirt and a gray skirt.  She has a grey backpack on her back.
A man is riding a bike. He wears a light brown shirt and black pants. HE has a backpack on his back.
A man wearing a white button up shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of gray shoes.
The man has a dirty collar on his white long sleeved button down shirt over his brown slacks and shoes.
THE MAN WEARS A PLAID SHIRT AND JEANS WITH WHITES SHOES. HE ALSO HAS A HAT AND SUNGLASSES.
The man is wearing a black baseball cap, a plaid shirt, blue jeans, and white sneakers.
This man is wearing a white t-shirt and shorts. He has a black messenger bag over his left shoulder. His hair is short and black. He is riding a bike.
The man is walking up the stairs and he is wearing a white T-shirt with blue jean shorts and brown flip flops.He is also carrying a black shoulder bag
He is on a bicycle, wearing a white t-shirt and gray shorts. He has a fanny pack across his chest.
Male with dark, thinning hairline, wearing a white T-shirt, knee length pants and a dark bag over his left shoulder
The woman is riding a bike and wearing long, light jeans. She has on a dark backpack on top of a white short sleeved-shirt.
A woman in a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
A woman in a white shirt, a pair of blue pants and a pair of white shoes.
A woman with black hair tied back is wearing a red top, with a tan shirt over it, black skirt and white shoes.
A girl with a ponytail wearing a white top with a black short skirt and white sneakers. She is carrying a shoulder bag.
The woman is wearing a ponytail and sneakers as well as a black skirt and polo shirt
The girl is wearing a red t-shirt with an unbuttoned white shirt over it, black shorts, and white tennis shoes.
She  has  her  brown hair  pulled  back  in  a  stylish bun . She is  also  wearing  a  light  white  dress  and  tights  .
A brown haired woman in a bun is wearing a ballet costume with tutu, light pink, with tights and pointe shoes with pink ribbons.
A woman wearing a short sleeved shirt and black pants is carrying an umbrella and walking away from the camera.
The large woman is dressed in fairly tight leggings with a light blouse.  She is wearing white sneaker shoes.  She is carrying a white box in her left hand and a light colored umbrella in her right hand.  She is walking in the middle of the road.
She is wearing light colored flats, dark blue jeans that go to her mid calf, and a light colored shirt with short sleeves. She is carrying a black bag over her right shoulder.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, a pair of blue pants and a pair of light brown shoes.
A woman with long brown hair is wearing a white top and black pants.  She has a black and red backpack on.
A woman in a white scarf over a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The woman is sitting on a green bike. She is wearing a long, white sweater over a dark shirt and black pants. She has a black backpack. 
A woman in a green shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black sandals.
He is wearing dark shoes and a black business suit with a black tie. He is wearing a white dress shirt underneath his suit jacket.
The man is wearing a black jacket and black pants. He has on a white shirt under with a grey tie. 
A black man with very short black hair is wearing a brown suit jacket, brown pants, and brown tie. He also has on a white collared shirt and has nothing in his hands.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray pants, a gray neck tie, a black jacket and a pair of black shoes.
A black man with very short dark hair is wearing a black suit, gray tie and white shirt. His shoes and belt are also black.
A person wearing a blue shirt, black capris and a blue bag over his shoulder is stridiig along toward the steps of a building.
A woman wearing a  blue shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes on her feet.
He has short hair that's a bit grown out and is weraing a blue t-shirt, black below-the-knee shorts and white flat shoes.
A man in a blue shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes on his feet.
A man wearing a blue shirt with a picture, a pair of blue jean shorts, a pair of shoes and a pair of white socks.
A man wearing a blue shirt with writing on it, a pair of blue jean pants, a pair of black shoes and white socks.
The woman has a short, bob hair cut. She is wearing a purple sweater over her dress. 
An Asian woman with short hair stands in an elegant hallway wearing a purple evening dress with a black coat over her arm.
The man wears a white t-shirt with dark blue jeans and black shoes. He wears glasses and carries a black backpack.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
He is wearing a white short sleeve shirt with black shorts, black and white shoes, and is carrying a black backpack. 
This man is wearing a white short sleeved shirt, black shorts, and black Nike shoes. He is also carrying a black book bag on his back.
The man is wearing a red, white and blue top. His shorts are blue and his sneakers are green. He is carrying a messenger bag. 
The man is walking towards the camera with a bag strapped over his right shoulder wearing a red shirt and blue shorts with black hair.
The man is wearing a gray suit and is standing on the floor with his black shoes.  His back is seen but not his face.
The man is wearing a black suit with black leather shoes he has short black hair.
A young man with short black hair wearing a red shirt. tan shorts, and carrying a side bag.
He is  wearing  a  red shirt  and  light  brown shorts . He  also  has  short  black hair  .
The man is wearing glasses, a red shirt and khaki pants. He is also carrying a bag.
A man is carrying a rectangular, black briefcase with flap and straps behind him held by a narrow strap across his body. He is carrying an orange, plastic, grocery bag while wearing a light-blue shirt with short sleeves to his elbow and dark gray, baggy pants and sandals.
A man waring a blue shirt, a pair of gray pants a pair of black shoes and a bag over his right shoulder
The woman is wearing a white shirt, a dress with a blue, teal, pink, purple, and navy pattern, and pink sandals. She's also carrying a white bag over her left shoulder. The woman is also wearing glasses.
A woman wearing eyeglasses carries a large white tote bag under her left arm and has her long hair pulled back and centered over the back of a white blouse with short sleeves and elasticized waist which is worn over a long skirt with blue, turquoise and pink horizontal stripes and white shoes.
The lady  wearing glasses wears a white shirt blue pink, purple, and white skirt with white flipflops she carries a white shoulder bag.
A girl with long hair wearing an apricot colored shirt with black pants and sandals carrying a turquoise umbrella.
There is a young lady with long black or brown hair, walking towards the wall.
The woman is wearing black pants, a black shirt and black shoes. She also has black hair. 
A woman carries a small  black shoulder bag under her left bent elbow and a large teal-colored shopping bag in her left hand which is at chest height. Her hair falls over her back while she wears a red printed shirt, black leggings, and gold shoes with a bow.
The individual appears to be female with shoulder-length black hair; she is wearing a dark colored shirt with a white graphic on the front, grey shorts, orange sandals, and has a khaki with a red handle over her left shoulder.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of shorts and a pair of sandals on her feet.
He's riding a bicycle and is dressed in a light gray hoodie, gray shorts, dark sneakers and is carrying a dark backpack.
The man is riding a bicycle and he is wearing a grey shirt with black shirts and black flip flops
A man in a gray shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of black shoes.
A man in a gray shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing a white button up collared shirt with a khaki tie and khaki pants and brown shoes.
A man wearing a white shirt with a brown tie, a pair of brown pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The man is wearing a plaid design shirt with blue jeans and white shoes.He is also wearing sunglasses and a black hat
The man is walking away and his back is visible.  He has on a dark baseball cap, a short-sleeved shirt with yellow, purple and blue lines crisscrossing on it, blue jeans and white shoes.
The person is wearing shorts and a short sleeved, white shirt. The person is riding a bicycle.
The man is sitting on a bike. He is wearing knee-length dark blue shorts with a white T-shirt. He is carrying a small bag across his chest.
This man is wearing a white short sleeved shirt, blue jean Capri's, and shoes. He is also carrying a black bag on his shoulder.
A person in a white shirt and dark knee length pants rides a bike with a bag slung across the shoulders.
A woman with dark hair riding a bicycle is wearing a dark backpack on her shoulders, a white t-shirt, jeans, and white shoes.
A woman has long hair. The woman wears a white shirt and blue jeans. She has backpack on is back.
The girl is visible from the side, she is wearing a white shirt and has a black backpack on her back while riding a bicycle.
The woman is wearing a black skirt and a short sleeved gray jacket, with a red shirt beneath. She also is wearing glasses and a whit watch
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
Woman walking with white sneakers and a skirt on with her hair in a half-up half-down hairstyle.
Young girl with long dark hair, a rolled up long sleeved button up. Her shirt underneath is maroon and she is wearing black shorts and white tennis shoes. 
The women is standing while wearing a pair of white tights, a pair of white shoes, and a white dress.
A woman wearing a pair of pink tights, a ballet dress and a pair of pink ballet slippers.
She is using a white umbrella.  She is wearing a light colored shirt with black pants and white shoes. 
A lady with dark hair wearing a white top with cap sleeves, black leggings and white shoes. She is also carrying a white box in her left hand and using a white umbrella.
A woman is carrying a black shoulder bag and is wearing a light blue, short sleeved shirt and cropped blue pants. 
A woman wearing denim capri pants, light colored shoes, and a light colored shirt carries a black shoulder bag and a white umbrella through a mall.
The woman is wearing a short sleeved white shirt.  Her pants are black.  The shoes are black.  A black and pink back pack is draped across the shoulder.
THE WOMAN IS WEARING A LONG WHITE SWEATER WITH BLACK PANTS AND A LARGE BLACK BACK PACK.
A woman in a black shirt, a pair or black pants and a pair of white shoes.
She has  shoulder length  brown hair  and is wearing a  green top  and  black pants  .  She is also  carrying a large  black back pack .
The man is wearing a dark brown suit and dark shoes. He is wearing a white button-up shirt and a dark tie.
The man is dark skinned. He has very close buzz cut. He has a very thin beard and mustache. He is wearing a dark suit with a grey tie. White shirt and dark shoes.
The man wears a grey dress suit jacket grey dress pants as he walks away from the the adults and vehicle.
The man is wearing a black suit coat over a white dress shirt with a grey colored tie.  He is wearing black pants and black shoes.
This dark skined man has a mustache and trimmed beard while wearing a dark suit and belt for his dress pants while walking in dark shoes and white shirt and gray tie. 
A man wears a blue shirt and black pants. The man carry a blue bag that has a blue strap.
The person has dark hair, blue short sleeve polo shirt, dark shorts, white shoes, and is wearing shoulder bag over left shoulder.
Asian male, dark hair, wearing a blue short sleeve polo shirt, knee length black shorts, and white sneakers.
A person wears a blue shirt and holds a black bag on his shoulder. The person wears black shorts and white shoes.
An asian man is wearing a black tshirt and dark shorts. He is wearing white socks and dark sneakers. 
The man has dark short hair, is wearing a dark blue t-shirt, long dark shorts, white low socks, grey sneakers, and is looking down into a pink shopping bag.
A fair-complected woman with very short, straight, dark hair wearing a long, dark purple jacket.
The woman is wearing a long purple shawl and is wrapping some of it in her arms. She has a short, straight hair, that parts and comes down to her cheeks.
The woman is wearing a mid length purple dress with matching pull over. she has short, brown hair.
A woman with bobbed black hair wears a blue bathrobe she is holding a tablet computer in her hands. 
A woman wearing a dark purple dress, with long sleeves and a bulge at the center.
He is wearing grey and yellow crocks, red shorts, and a white short sleeved shirt. He is carrying a white box.
A man is walking with a package in his hand.  He has on a white polo shirt and red shorts.
The man wearing the red and blue striped shirt with the sandals and the cargo shorts is standing in front of the escelator.
A man with grayish black hair is wearing a gray polo style shirt with red stripes. He is wearing green cargo shorts with a wristwatch and slip-on sandals.
The man wears a dark green sport coat, a green polo with a red collar, light colored khaki pants and a black belt.
A male is in a sport coat and a polo walking along a hallway in what looks like a hotel. 
A man wearing black eyeglass frames touches his left thigh with his left hand with fingers spread apart facing his back, and carries a black backpack on his back. He wears a black suit with a large jacket, shirt with white collar, black trousers and black shoes.
A man with short black hair is wearing glasses a white shirt, a black suit jacket, black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The male is wearing dark pants and jacket with a while collared shirt under it. He has glasses and dark hair.
A person wearing a black shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The lady is wearing a white short sleeved blouse with a clear panel at the top of it and black and white striped shorts.  She appears to be wearing dark shoes. 
The woman is wearing a white, short sleeve blouse tucked into fitted blue shorts, with black high heeled shoes.
The girl is walking very fast.maybe she is late for an appointment .or she is just leaving work and cant wait to get home.
This woman is wearing a black dress with a white rim over the breasts.  The dress has no straps.  She has hair covering her face.
A woman wearing a tight fitting, low cut black dress, a pair of black shoes and a belt around her waist.
She has  bright blonde hair  that  is  covered  by  a  black hat  .  She  is  wearing mainly  darker colors  and  denim clothes .
the girls is wearing a  short sleeve shirt and black pants, she is caring a black backpack over both her shoulders
The black woman wears glasses and is wearing a dress that has different colored sleeves than the gold of the dress.
A woman wearing a floral print t-shirt, a pair of tight fitting blue jeans, a pair of boots.
The person is wearing dark shoes, dark colored pants, and a dark colored shirt with short sleeves. The person is carrying a bag.
A woman wearing a short sleeve blue shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a hat.
Young woman in jeans and a hat walking inside a building, walking down a hallway with carpet
The man is wearing a black hooded sweatshirt, blue-grey jean shorts, and white sneakers. He is wearing a dark brown and red backpack.
A woman walking to the right wearing a black jacket, blue pants, white shoes carrying a black bag on her back. 
Person wearing a dark brown sweater, denim cropped pants that go just below the knees, and white sneakers. They are wearing a red backpack over both shoulders
The black haired woman is walking.  She wears a black jacket,  blue jean cutoffs,  and whitw shoes. 
A person turns her head and carries a black bag with the straps in her hand while wearing a floor-length, light-brown robe-type gown with a V-neckline and loose sleeves.
A man wears a floor length camel colored robe. He is standing with his back turned.
A man wears a mustard-colored, loose, floor-length robe with cuffed long sleeve and folded collar while holding a black tote bag on his left side and carrying in his right hand the strap of a purple shoulder bag.
He is wearing black athletic shorts with white stripes down the sides and has short brown hair.
The boy has short brown hair and is wearing a black t-shirt, black basketball shorts with a white stripe down the side and black sandals.
A gentleman wearing a black t-shirt, black shorts, a black headband and thong sandals has a backpack on his back.
A man in a black shirt a pair of black and gray shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A man wearing a pink and blue stripe shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
This person is wearing a multi colored striped t-shirt and dark colored jeans and a pair of white boat shoes.
The lady is wearing dark colored sunglasses and is carrying a large backpack. Her top is white and she has on blue jeans.
The woman has mid length blonde hair, a dark back pack, a grey shirt, and blu jeans.
The man has short, dark hair and is looking down at something he is holding in his left hand. He is wearing a black backpack, a dark-colored short-sleeved shirt, and shorts, along with grey sneakers.
A man carries a rectangular, black backpack with black-and-white logo high on his back over a gray t-shirt and knee-length denim shorts.
Man wearing grey collared shirt and jean shorts.He is wearing a watch and appears to be walking or running.
He has  short  black hair  and  is wearing  glasses . He is  also  wearing a  black shirt  and  short  pants .
A woman wearing a white dress shirt under a heavy, black, long sleeve jacket and a pair of black pants.
A woman wearing  a white shirt, a pair of black pantyhose, a long black skirt and a black bag.
This person is wearing a red tee shirt with denim shorts and one hand in her pocket while carrying a bag on the same arm
AN ASIAN WOMAN IN A RED SHIRT with he hand in her pocket standing awkwardly.
The man has short black hair and is wearing a short sleeved red t-shirt with yellow stripes on the sleeves over black cargo shorts and white sneakers.  He is wearing glasses and is carrying a yellow grocery bag in his left hand.
The man has black hair and glasses. He wears a red shirt with yellow stripes, dark cargo shorts, and white shoes. He carries a yellow shopping bag.
The woman is wearing a green sweatshirt and pink skirt. She is wearing white shoes and wears a black backpack.
A girl with long hair wearing a green long sleeve shirt with a beige skirt and white sneakers.
The woman is turned away. She has long black hair and wears a red backpack. She wears a grey dress with white shoes.
A young girl with long dark hair wearing a green cardigan, light colored knee length skirt and white sneakers.  She is carrying a bright red backpack 
The woman wears a salmon color jacket and red skirt with black tights and black shoes.  She also carries a dark color handbag on her right arm and another bag on her left arm.
She is wearing black leggings and a red sweater. She has something in her hands, and she has a purse hanging over her right arm.
The woman has medium colored brown hair that is mid back length. She has on a light orange/tan sweater and a burnt orange skirt with black tights and black shoes. She is carrying a black purse on her arm.
Taking long strides, the woman with the long dark hair has a reddish brown top, dark pants and boots and is carrying a black leather handbag.
The woman is wearing a short sleeved, black, V-neck shirt, blue jeans and white shoes. She has shoulder-length, black hair. 
Lady carrying a black bag and purple purse across the body. Wearing a black t-shirt, blue jeans and white tennis shoes.
A man wearing a black backpack with a pair of blue jeans and a flannel shirt.
The man is wearing jeans and a plaid short sleeve shirt. He wears glasses and a watch on one hand.
A man wearing dark eyeglasses is also wearing a striped t-shirt with wide olive-green stripes and thinner black-and-white stripes with black pants with a white diagram over the right thigh and gray shoes.
A man wearing a gray and white stripe shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray shoes.
The woman has short dark hair, and appears to be wearing purple long sleeved shirt and pants.  She also appears to be holding a purple wrap.
A woman with short hair is wearing a black dress with a purple scarf she is holding a tablet .
The lady wears a purple coat as she stands inside the room along the floor near a brown table.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of red shorts and a pair of black and yellow shoes.
The older gentleman with a light colored polo shirt and red shorts looks to be carrying a package.
A gray haired man is wearing a gray polo shirt with green cargo pants.  He also has on black sandals.

the back of a man with short hair, a striped grey polo shirt and short green cargo pants on as he walks in a mall
A man wearing a pair of brown pants, a gray shirt, a brown, open jacket and a black belt.
A man wearing a gray jacket, a pair of gray pants, a green shirt and a pair of glasses.
A male with neck length hair wearing a formal suit jacket with a white collared shirt, black pants and carrying a black backpack.
He has  short  black  hair   .  He is  also wearing  glasses   . He is  wearing a  large  black  jacket   and  black pants .
A man steps forward with his right bent leg, has a bent left elbow with hand at chest height and a black backpack on his back. He wears a black jacket, over a white top with high neckline, black slacks and black shoes.
The man is walking down the street and he is wearing a black suit jacket,black pants and black shoes.He is also carrying a dark purple backpack
The woman is wearing a white shirt that is shear near the shoulder area, dark shorts with silver stripes. She has long, reddish hair.
A woman wearing blue jean shorts, a white short sleeved shirt and black high heel shoes is walking into a building.
the woman is wearing black shoes. She is Caucasian. she is wearing jean shorts and a white t shirt. she is walking.
The woman is wearing a black thigh length dress. The top is  low cut and has a black and white decoration on the front.
This woman has brown hair and she's wearing a short black dress that has some white on the bodice.
The lady wears a blue and grey fashion shirt and black shorts she holds a black hand bag in her hand while posing in front of a yellow car.
woman wearing a hat and backpack with long hair and a light colored shirt looking to her right
A person that is very blurry in a picture. The person is very hard to see due to how blurry the picture is. 
A woman is standing. She is wearing a dark top, jeans, and boots. She is also wearing a hat and has long, blonde hair.
 A man wearing a dark brown shirt and dark pants with dark shoes with a bracelet on his wrist  
A lady with long blonde hair under a dark, wide-brimmed hat wearing a gray top and gray pants. She is also carrying a black purse over her left shoulder.
A woman wearing a tight jean jacket, a pair of jeans and a pair of cowboy boots.
This person is wearing a black jacket, dark red backpack and denim shorts that cut off at the knee. He has on white tennis shoes 
The woman is visible from her right.  She has on a black jacket with the hood up over her head.  She has on blue jean shorts down to her knee and is wearing mostly white tennis shoes with black stripes on the sides.
The man is wearing a black hoodie, a pair of blue jean shorts, and a pair of white tennis shoes. He is wearing a red and black book bag.
The woman is wearing a black jacket, short jeans, and white sneakers. She is carrying a bag in her hand.
A man wearing a white shirt, a long brown robe and a pair of shoes on his feet.
A man is wearing a long gold robe with long sleeves. The woman next to him is wearing a print shirt and black shorts.
A man wearing a heavy orange coat, a pair of white socks and a pair of brown shoes.
This rear view of a man wearing a blue t shirt and black shorts. He is wearing flip flops.
A man in a pair of black and white shorts, a pair of gray shoes and a black shirt.
A young man wearing flip flops, carrying a back pack wearing black short and a black short sleeve t-shirt with a logo on it, wearing a back pack.
This man is wearing a black t shirt and black shorts with a white stripe down the side of them. He is wearing flip flops.
A man facing in the opposite direction wearing a multi colored stripped shirt, black shorts, and white shoes. 
A man wearing a gray and black stripe shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
She has short blonde hair  and is  wearing  sunglasses .  She is  also  carrying a  black  back pack .
A young woman with long straight blonde hair is wearing a green t-shirt, grey denim pants, dark shoes and has a black back pack.
A man wearing glasses looks down at the cell phone in his lifted left hand while stepping forward. He wears a filled black backpack on his back over a gray t-shirt, denim knee-length shorts and gray running shoes.
The man has short black hair. He wears a grey t-shirt and blue shorts. He carries a black backpack.
This thin man has short black hair and he's wearing a dark gray shirt and blue shorts.
The man has on a black short sleeved shirt and blue shorts. He has a phone in his hand. 
The lady wears a black long jacket and black boots. She is carrying a black should bag
The woman is wearing a formal black coat with black stockings. She has medium length black hair.
 This woman is wearing a pink shirt and denim shorts. She has on pink shoes. She is wearing sunglasses and has her hair pulled up in a ponytail. 
Woman is wearing denim shorts and a red short sleeve t shirt with a small design on the front.
A man in a red shirt with black sleeves, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
A man wearing a red shirt with gold stripes, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white and red shoes.
Female Asian with just below shoulder length dark brown to black hair, green sweater, and skirt.
A woman has long hair over her shoulders and back, her straight left arm slightly forward and a bent right knee. She wears a mint-green cardigan with crest over her left breast, full white skirt with shorter gray overlay, and white sneakers.
The girl is wearing a grey shirt over a white dress and is wearing a red backpack. She is also wearing white shoes.
A woman has her hair falling over her back onto the top of a red-tear-shaped backpack with her arms close to her sides and her right knee and foot bent. She wears a mint-green sweater with wide beige hem over a white skirt with knee-length hem and white shoes.
Woman with long auburn hair, orange jacket, pink skirt, carrying purse, with black stockings and black boots walking away.
The woman has long dark hair wears a wine red long shirt and black leggings while carrying a dark handbag
She is wearing black shoes, black leggings, and a long red top with a tan jacket on top. She is carrying a black purse on her right arm.
The woman is visible from her right.  She has on black shoes and black tights.  She has on a dark colored skirt and is wearing a maroon jacket.  She has long dark hair and is carrying a brown purse on her right arm.  She has something in her right hand.
She is wearing white shoes, blue jeans, and a black shirt with short sleeves. She is carrying two bags.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
The man has a black backpack on his back and is carrying a bag in his right hand. He is wearing a plaid shirt and blue jeans.
Man with short hair and glasses is wearing a off white shirt with dark squares and dark pants.
The man is wearing glasses, a green and white striped t-shirt, dark blue jeans with the bottoms rolled up, and gray sandals.
The man is entering a glass door. He is wearing glasses, a green shirt with white and blue stripes, dark blue jeans, and gray sandals.
The woman has her hair styled in a bun on top of her head. She is wearing a yellow, short-sleeved top, a striped skirt, and white shoes. 
The women walks while wearing a yellow shirt, a black and white striped tube skirt, and a pair of white shoes.
A man wearing a dark blue shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray and white shoes.
The man is wearing pants and tennis shoes. He has a plaid shirt on and is also wearing a ball cap.
A woman with black hair is wearing a long sleeved long black shirt and black pants. She also has a bag and glasses.
The woman is wearing glasses, a long black top, and matching black pants. She also has a purse.
The woman is wearing reading glasses,black top,black skirt, black pants and brown shoes.She is also carrying a tan bag and 
The girl has long black hair.  She wears a black shirt, black pants, and beige shoes.  She has a sweater or jacket tied around her waist. 
She is wearing light colored shoes, a short light blue skirt, and a white blouse with short sleeves tucked into the waistband.
The woman has medium-brown hair to the middle of her back.  She's wearing a white shirt, with sleeves to the elbow, and a light blue shirt.  She has a blue purse across her shoulder.
This female has long brown hair and is wearing a white short sleeve blouse, blue skirt and pink athletic-type shoes.  She also has a black cross-body purse on her.
The girl is wearing a blue skirt with a white short sleeve white blouse. She has on blue socks and a pair of pink boots with a white sole.
She has  her long  black  hair  in  a pony tail.  She is  wearing  a  very colorfull shirt  as  well  .
A woman wearing a pink shirt with a blue stripe a pair of black pants and a pair of shoes.
A woman wearing a rainbow vest over a pink short, a pair of the purple pants.
The man wears a nice button up shirt with a black tie and looks to be an airplane pilot.
ADULT ASIAN MALE WEARING A SHORT MOHAWK HAIRSTYLE AND WHITE SHIRT AND DARK PANTS HAS A WATCH ON LEFT ARM HOLDING OBJECT IN RIGHT HAND AND PULLING A ROLLING SUITCASE
The man wears a white shirt black tie black pants as he walks holding a brown bag in his hand and pulls a black and blue luggage cart.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray pants, a black belt and a pair of sunglasses.
This man, who appears to be a pilot, has black hair and is wearing a white shirt with short sleeves and an insignia on the shoulder, a tie with tie tack, and dark pants
The man is looking at a box that is on the floor. He is wearing a uniform with a white shirt, black tie and black pants. He also has a watch on his left wrist.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of sunglasses and a pair of black shoes.
A woman wears and over-sized black and white top with a deep curve dividing the colors on her back over purple knee-length pants with a yellow-and-red print, white socks and deep-blue shoes.
This man is wearing a black/white short sleeved shirt, purple shorts, and white/blue running shoes.
The man is wearing a white collared t-shirt and khaki pants. He is looking down as he walks.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
A male with short hair wearing a white shirt with tan pants and flip flops carrying a book.
The man is wearing black glasses, a white polo T-shirt, and long kaki pants with dark shoes.
The woman is carrying a purple umbrella , with a green bag in her left hand and a black bag on her right shoulder. She is wearing a black and white striped dress with flip flops. 
A woman with dark hair and wearing a knee length striped dress looks downward as she walks and carries a lime green shopping bag.
She  is  walking under a umbrella  .  She  is  also  carrying   a green  shopping  bag  .
He wears a puffy green winter coat over a white collared shirt and tan long pants.
The brown-skinned man is dressed for the cold in a heavy blue jacket that is three quarter length.  He is wearing a white collared shirt underneath the jacket and khaki pants. 
This man has dark hair and is wearing blue jeans with a dark jacket and sneakers.
The man is wearing a purple dress shirt, blue jeans, and red tennis shoes. He is wearing a silver watch on his left wrist.
This man has slim build, dark hair, wearing blue jeans and a dark colored long sleeve shirt
The man is tall and has dark hair. He is wearing a maroon shirt with the sleeves rolled up to just below his elbow. He has on blue jeans and dark brown boots. He is looking to his right as he walks.
The man is wearing a long sleeve flowing black robe with a white collar.  His arms are at his sides, and his head is bent slightly downward.
A man wears a long dark black, heavy coat, a very dark black pair of pants.
A woman with long hair put back in a pony tail wearing a white t-shirt, a denim skirt and canvas sneakers. She has a blue bag over her left shoulder. 
The female is roughly teenage with dark hair in a low ponytail and bangs. She is wearing a white fitted t shirt and short, and has a blue bag over her left shoulder
A girl with a ponytail wearing a white shirt with a blue denim skirt and sneakers carrying a white shoulder bag.
A woman with a ponytail looks slightly to her right, has her right arm at her side, carries a black shoulder bag over her left shoulder and behind her hand, and steps forward with her right foot. She wears a white t-shirt with black lines drawn over the front, a denim miniskirt and white running shoes.
Asian male wearing a dark backpack, orange shirt with a cartoon character in the center of it, knee length gray shorts, and sandals. He's also wearing glasses.
The man is wearing a red t-shirt and green pants.  He is carrying a black backpack on his back.
He is wearing a bright red t-shirt with army green cargo shorts and black sandals. He is carrying a black backpack.
The man carrying a black backpack, has a red shirt on. He is also wearing brown shorts.
The girl is wearing a white printed t-shirt with jean shorts and has a ponytail. 
This young woman has dark brown hair in a ponytail. She is wearing short denim shorts and a fitted white tee shirt with flip flop sandals.
The man is wearing a white tank tee and black shorts. He is wearing sandals and carrying a yellow bag.
The man is wearing a white tank top shirt with black shorts and brown sandals.
The man man is wearing a green shirt with a white strip, and blue shorts and blue socks.
He has  jet  black  hair  that  is  shortly  cut .  He is   also wearing a  green and  white  shirt .
A man wearing a green shirt, a pair of blue shorts, a pair of blue and black shoes, and a gray scarf.
A man wearing blue shorts, with open toe sandals, holding a blue scooter looking into the camera.
A man wearing a black and gray shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of sandals.
A woman wearing a black blouse with a white collar and a long silver chain  around her neck.
The woman has long, dark hair pulled up into a ponytail. She is wearing a black dress with a white collar and carrying a handbag.
There is a lady with bangs wearing a black dress with a white collar, a long chain necklace and is holding an item in her left hand.
A woman wearing a black and white dress with a white collar, a pearl necklace and a phone in her hands.
The man is wearing a white T-shirt with a black hoodie on top,blue jeans and black and white shoes.He is also wearing sunglasses
The man is wearing a long black shirt, light blue jeans, white sneakers, and is carrying a black backpack.
A woman wearing a dark blue shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
The woman wears a gray sleeveless shirt. She wears black pants and black shoes and carries a wallet in one hand.
the woman has brown hair with a bun. her hands are up by her shoulders. she has a horizontally striped skirt on with white shoes.
The young woman has her hair in a bun on her head and is wearing a yellow shirt and striped skirt. 
MAN IS CARRYING A BAG IN HIS LEFT HAND.  HE IS WEARING A BASEBALL CAP  AND A PLAID SHIRT OVER A BLUE T-SHIRT.  HE HAS ON JEANS AND SNEAKERS. 
The man wears tennis shoes and medium grey pants.  He wears a brown and white plaid shirt and a baseball cap.  He carries a black bag. 
The girl has long hair and wears glasses. She is wearing a back top, black pants and a handbag in her left arm. 
A girl with glasses and long hair wearing a black top with black pants and carrying a light brown arm bag.
A woman wearing black eyeglass frames looks to her right, has both elbows bent, carries a folding, tan tote bag from her bent, left elbow and steps forward with her right leg. She wears a black tunic with long-sleeves, rounded neckline and mid-thigh hem with black leggings and flat, brown shoes.
A woman wearing a black pair of pants, a pair of brown shoes and a of dark blue shirt.
 A woman wearing a white shirt with light blue jean shorts with dark colored shoes her hair is down the color is dark brown and she is carrying a dark colored purse.
A lady with long brown hair is wearing a white 3/4 sleeved top, light blue colored skirt, dark colored boots and a crossbody purse.
The woman has long brown hair and a white shirt. She has a light blue skirt and light red shoes.
The girl is wearing a white shirt, a blue skater skirt with pink tennis shoes. She carries a navy crossbody bag
A woman wearing a pink shirt with blue, yellow and orange stripes, a pair of black pants and a pair of shoes.
The woman is wearing baggy black pants, and a pink striped shirt.  Her hair is in a pony tail.
The woman is wearing a pink, yellow and blue shirt. She is also wearing black long pants. 
A pilot is wearing a pilot shirt with decoration on the shoulder and a black tie and black pants. 
A pilot in his uniform his pulling a black suitcase behind him.  He is also waering a watch and holding something in his hand.
MAN IS WEARING A SHORT SLEEVE WHITE COLLARED SHIRT WITH A LONG BLACK TIE.  HE IS WEARING A LANYARD AND SUNGLASSES. HE IS PULLING LUGGAGE WITH HIS RIGHT ARM.
The man is dressed as a pilot.  He has short black hair.  He is wearing a white shirt, black tie, black pants with a belt.  He is carrying a pilot's hat.  He has on a name badge.
A man is wearing a white short sleeve dress shirt with a black tie and gold tie clip tucked into a pair of black pants.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a black neck tie.
The man is wearing a white dress-shirt with a dark grey tie,dark grey dress pants and black shoes.He is also wearing sunglasses and holding a folder in his left hand.
The woman is walking. She is wearing blue shoes, purple pants, and a black and white shirt.
A woman wearing a black and white blouse, a pair of purple shorts and a pair of blue and white shoes.
The woman has a white collared shirt with short sleeves and khaki capri pants. She holds something white in her right hand.
He has  short  black hair  and is wearing a  white shirt  and  beige pants  .  He is also wearing  flip flops .
The man is wearing a white shirt with khaki pants and white flip flops. 
A dark haired young man with a collared white t-shirt over dark pants who may be carrying a newspaper.
The woman is wearing a black and white striped dress and is holding an umbrella and a green bag.  
A lady in a dress and sandals carrying a handbag and umbrella walking on wet concrete. 
An Asian woman with short hair wears a zebra striped dress. The woman carry a green bag on her left hand and a black bag on her wright shoulder.
The man with tan skin is walking through tall grass facing toward the viewer.  He has on a blue jacket,, white collared shirt underneath and dark pants.  He is carrying something in his left hand and his right hand is either up his sleeve or missing.
A middle aged male with dark hair is wearing a fall navy blue coat and white shirt standing in the grass near a truck.
The man wears a black collared shirt with the sleeves rolled up on the forearms.  He wears jeans and brown boots.
The man is wearing a dark purple shirt with is untucked with the sleeves rolled up. He is also wearing jeans and brown shoes.
Man wearing dark collared shirt. Man is wering jeans with sneakers His right sleeve is rolled up
The man has short black hair. He is wearing a dark colored collared shirt with the sleeves rolled up.  He has on blue jeans and tennis shoes.
A man with a beard and mustache wearing g a black oversized coat or cloak 
The old man with gray hair has a gray beard and is wearing a black cape. 
The woman is wearing a short sleeved, white t-shirt with a design on the front, blue skirt, and tan shoes. She has a blue bag over her shoulder.
A woman looks over to her right side while carrying a light-blue object in her right hand and a bright-blue bag on her left side. She wears a white t-shirt with tan-and-gray graphic covering the front, gray shoes and dark-gray shorts ending mid-thigh.
A woman ewaring a white shirt, a pair of white shoes and a short blue jean skirt.
A woman with black hair in a pony is wearing a white short sleeve shirt, a grey skirt, white sneakers and a bag.
the man is wearing a red short sleeved shirt and black flip flops. His shorts are dark tan in color.
The man is facing away and wearing a red, short-sleeved shirt with knee-length greenish shorts. He has short hair and is wearing a black backpack.
The man is walking and  is wearing a orange shirt with green shorts and black flip flops.He is also carrying a black backpack
The man is wearing a red shirt, cargo green shorts, flip flops and also has a black backpack on his back.
Woman wearing sandals shorts jeans blue a flower print shirt stopping at elbow hair is dark pulled back into a pony
A woman wearing a white shirt with a pattern, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of black sandals.
The man is standing with his back towards the camera while holding something yellow in his hands behind his back.
A man wears a white tank top,a  pair of black shoes and a pair of brown sandals.
The man has short black hair. He is wearing a green and white shirt, blue shorts, and black shoes. 
Subject appears to be male, dark color in complexion. He has short black hair and appears to be wearing glasses. He has on a green shirt with a white strip across his chest. He has on blue shorts and is wearing black shoes
The man is wearing a green collared t-shirt, blue shorts, and black and blue shoes.
A man is wearing a grey and black tshirt and denim shorts. He is leaning on a scooter. 
The man has short black hair and is wearing a black short sleeved t-shirt with a grey stripe down the side, denim knee length shorts and flip flops.
The lady is wearing a white collared and cuffed black long sleeve shirt over her black skirt and pearls and is holding a book in her right hand.
The woman wears a black dress with a white collar. She also ins carrying a brown bag. 
A woman wearing a white blouse under a black dress, a pair of silk stockings and a necklace around her neck.
The woman is wearing a black dress with a white collar, and white necklace, she is carrying a note pad and a purse.
A man wearing a black jacket over a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
Man walks forward in profile with head extending forward over front of body, and takes step forward with straight right leg. He carries curved, flat, black backpack over back. He wears a dark jacket with curved hem over the right side, light-blue jeans and white shoes.
The woman is wearing black shoes with white laces.  She has on dark colored pants and a blue shirt.  She is running.
The woman is carrying a black phone in her left hand wearing a dark blue shirt, black jeans, black shoes and black hair.
A woman with long, dark hair and glasses wearing a white tshirt, striped gray and navy shorts and matching shoes.
A woman  wearing a white shirt carrying a brown backpack wearing striped black and white shorts 
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of shoes.
The woman is wearing a white short sleeved shirt with striped shorts and shoes. She is also wearing a purple backpack.
The woman has black pants and a grey and white patterned shirt.  Her hair is dark and short.
The women stands while wearing a white shirt, black pants, a purple bag and black shoes.
The woman is carrying a purple handbag. She has black pants. Her hair is dark.
male, short dark hair. Wearing glasses. Black t-shirt with white loga for 'thailand'. Camouflaged patterned shorts and green shoes. 
A man wearing a dark black shirt, a pair of gray shorts and a pair of shoes on his feet.
The boy is wearing a brown leather jacket with a grey hoodie beneath it. He is wearing the hood over his blonde hair. He also has on jeans and boots.
A blond man with a gray hood on his head is wearing brown jacket, dark pants, and is carrying a bottle in his left hand.
The man has short light-colored hair, and is holding his hands in front of him. He is wearing a dark red jackets, blue jeans, and a grey scarf. 
The man is wearing a leather coat with jeans. He has blonde hair and is holding a water bottle.
This woman is wearing a v-neck, short-sleeved, grey blouse that has a thick black V-shaped design around the neck. She is wearing a knee length black, tiered skirt. She has black hair pulled back in a low pony-tail and black glasses. She has on dark flat shoes, with a strap around the ankle. She carries a blue purse and a pink bag in her left had.
She is wearing a black skirt with a mostly grey top. The collar of the shirt is trimmed in black and is in a deep V shape.
A woman with long black hair tied into a ponytail and wearing a gray top, black skirt, and black sandals, is walking with a large black handbag in her left hand.
A woman with long dark hair tied behind her neck is walking from left to right away from the camera. She wears a gray top with a black collar, a black skirt, and black sandals.
The woman has long, brown hair and dark sunglasses on.  she has a green shirt with a black jacket over it.  She has a short brown skirt on.
The woman is wearing a green top, that is covered by a long sleeved, jean jacket, tan colored shorts, and black flip flops.
A man wearing a bright, golden t-shirt, a pair of dark colored pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing a short sleeved yellow tshirt, dark long pants and dark sneakers.
The man wears a yellow shirt and black pants. He wears brown shoes and has short black hair.
A man wearing a gold t-shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man wearing a yellow shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The woman with her hair pulled back has a black V-neck shirt on while walking and looking at her cell phone.
A woman wearing a black shirt with gray writing on the front of it, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white and gray shoes.
The woman is wearing a white top with a green jacket on top,black pants and brown sandals.She is also wearing a green neck less
A woman with brown hair pulled back in a ponytail is wearing a long sleeve green shirt. She has a green jacket slung over her left shoulder and is wearing black pants.
The man is wearing a dark t-shirt, and dark pants that are rolled up. He has short dark hair. He is dragging something with wheels. 
He  has  short  black hair  .He is wearing a  darker shirt  and  light  colored pants .
The man is wearing eyeglasses with colored frames.  His shirt is black wit long sleeves. His pants are blue and his shoes are dark colored.
A man with glasses walking forward wearing a black long sleeve shirt, blue jeans, with black and white shoes. 
Guy wearing prescription glasses with a dark grey sweater and jeans wearing black and white sneakers.
The man wearing glasses wears a black shirt and blue jeans with black sneakers he stands on the sidewalk looking down.
The woman has long, black hair, pulled back in a pony tail. Se is wearing a blue polo shirt, black skirt, and sneakers. She has a yellow shopping bag on her arm and a clutch in her hand.
The woman has chin-length dark hair and is wearing a dark blue top and and black skirt that hangs to mid-thigh. She's carrying a yellow shopping bag and holding a wallet in her hand.
The woman has long dark hair. She is wearing a dark long sleeved jacket with jeans and sneakers. She is carrying a backpack.
A girl with a backpack walks on the road wearing jeans and a blue long sleeved shirt and sneakers.
The woman wears a long sleeve blue shirt and jeans. She wears a blue back pack. 
A woman wearing a purple jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and gray shoes.
The girl wears gray shorts a white top with print on it. She also wears sandals and a white cap with a logo of front. She has dark hair pulled back into a ponytail and she is carrying something in her left hand.
Girl with pony tail and hat on wearing flip flops and a shirt with bananas all over it
A woman is wearing a white baseball cap.  She has on a light color cap sleeved shirt that stops at her hips.  She has on light shorts and flat shoes.
A woman is wearing a baseball cap with her hair in a pony tail. She is wearing a floral printed T shirt and solid colored shorts. She is carrying a book. 
The man is balding but still has dark hair around the sides. He is smiling, and carrying a small, thin white bag on his right side. It is about a foot high. The man is wearing a black jacket, on the formal end of jackets, and a black shirt underneath. He is also wearing black pants that are slightly lighter than his jacket, and black shoes.
This man has a black jacket, black shirt, dark grey pants and dark colored shoes. 
Man slumping, wearing all dark colored clothing, looking at something, appears to be of Asian decent.
A man is wearing a black jacket with black pants and black shoes he carries a white bag in his hand.
He has  short   brown hair  and  is  wearing a   grey jacket  .  He is  also  carrying a  back pack  .
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of orange shoes.
The woman has short hair.  She wears a jacket and black shirt.  She has on pants and shoes.
He has short  black hair  and is wearing a  grey jacket  he is  also  carrying a  red  backpack .
The woman has long, straight, black hair. She is wearing a black, tank-style dress and heels. 
A girl is walking into a room with a short black dress. She has long black hair.
He has short hair, glasses, wears a gray t-shirt, jeans, brown shoes and a great big dark colored bag.
Shadowy figure with short hair has arms and fist close to chest and right leg bent over left leg.
A man is wearing a short sleeved shirt and gray pants and is talking on a cell phone while carrying a bag on his left shoulder.
A dark haired person is wearing a long blue jean coat and pants, talking on a cell phone in his left hand and has a large black back slung over the left shoulder.
A man carries a messenger bag with many compartments and a thick strap across his left shoulder over a long-sleeve light blue shirt and jeans.
The woman has long black hair that hangs down her back. She is wearing a white shirt, black shorts, and sneakers with white socks. 
A woman with a white blouse and grey shorts is walking in the street. The woman wears blue shoes with white soles. 
A woman who is wearing a white shirt with a picture on it, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
A woman in a white shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
The woman is wearing a black dress with a yellow shawl and carrying a purse. 
A long haired woman with striped slip on shoes, horizontal striped skirt or shorts, and a white top. 
The girl is wearing a purple backpack. She has on a white shirt and striped shorts.
The women is walking through a clothing store.  She has long black hair and is wearing a white t-shirt with blue shorts.
A woman in a white t-shirt, a pair of black and gray stripe pants, a pair of black and white stripe shoes and a purple backpack.
The woman wears a grey shirt with a white triangle pattern. She wears black pants, black shoes, and carries a purple purse in one hand.
A woman standing next to a post. She is wearing a light top with dark pants and a purple purse. She has dark hair.
A woman wearing a white and blue shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man is wearing reading glasses,black t-shirt and grey army shorts.He is also wearing grey flip flops
The man has short black hair, a black tshirt, camouflage knee length shorts and flip flops and is walking through the grass.
wears a tight pant white shirt and a dark coloured jerkin with a hood holding a bottle in left hand
The man wears a grey hoodie with a maroon leather jacket. He wears jeans and is holding a plastic bottle in one hand.
He is wearing dark colored boots, dark colored pants tucked into the boots, and a dark jacket with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows and a light grey scarf. He has white blonde hair.
The man has blond hair, and is wearing a white shirt under a gray, open hoodie with the hood pulled up over his head. He is wearing a leather jacket and skinny jeans, as well as black boots.
The woman is wearing a black skirt, black and grey shirt, and glasses. She has a black and blue purse and is carrying a pinkish colored bag.
The woman is wearing a gray with black shirt and a black medium length skirt.
A woman in a gray shirt, a pair of black shoes and a black skirt.
The girl has long dark hair pulled back into a ponytail.  She is wearing a gray blouse with black showing at the collar, and a knee-length black skirt, with low-heeled dress sandals.  
This woman has long auburn hair and she's wearing a black leather jacket over a green t shirt, khaki colored skirt and she's carrying a bag over her shoulder.
The lady is wearing a dark blue jacket with some khaki short pants and black sandals.
A man in a yellow shirt and blue jean pants that is carrying a box.
Young man is standing towards a doorway, wearing jeans and a short-sleeved yellow shirt.  He has short dark hair.
The man is wearing a yellow T-shirt with maroon on the pocket, black pants, and black shoes.  His arms are at his sides, and his right hand is holding a large metal object touching the ground, which appears to be a gate.  His head is bent downward.
A dark haired man is walking. His head is slightly bowed down. He is wearing a yellow t-shirt, black pants, and black shoes.
A very slender man wearing a yellow t-shirt with a red emblem, dark pants and dark shoes, also has short hair.
A woman walks down the street she is using and looking at a cell phone while walking, she is wearing a black-colored top and knee-length pants.
A woman walking forward looking down at her hand wearing a black shirt, blue jean pants, and grey shoes. 
A woman with brown hair is wearing a lime green top, a lime green jacket and black pants.
The woman is wearing a light green, long sleeved top, with a dark green jacket, that is hanging on one of her shoulders, black pants, and dark colored shoes.
The man is wearing a black short sleeved shirt and black pants and is pulling a cart with his right hand.  
The man is wearing a navy, short sleeved shirt with a white trim at the collar.  His dark colored pants are rolled slightly above the ankle, showing his black shoes.
The man is turned so that his left side is visible.  He has short black hair, he's wearing prescription glasses, he has on a black long sleeved shirt, and is wearing dark blue jeans.  He has on mostly black shoes with a little white on them.
The man is visible from the front and has short dark hair.  he has on prescription glasses and is wearing a long sleeved, black shirt.  He has on blue jeans and mostly black tennis shoes with a little white on the sides of the shoes.
This man has dark hair. He is dressed in a dark grey pullover with a white collar showing underneath. His jeans are a faded blue-wash denim and he is wearing running shoes.
A dark hair man wearing sunglasses and all black clothing is looking down as he walks 

The woman is wearing a black skirt.  The woman has a yellow bag on her arm.  
A woman in a blue dress and sneakers is walking around inside, while holding a grocery bag. 
A woman wearing a pair of blue jeans, a blue shirt and a pair of black and white shoes.
This person has long dark hair and is wearing a backpack and blue jeans with black shoes.
The woman has long hair and is wearing blue jeans and is carrying blue backpack 
The woman is walking and carrying a backpack on her back. The woman is wearing a long sleeved shirt and long pants.
The woman is wearing a white t-shirt with bananas on it and khaki shorts. 
The girl is wearing a cap with a ponytail. She has bananas on her shirt and is wearing short shorts and flip flops.
This lady has long dark hair that is pulled back. She is wearing a white ball cap and white short sleeve shirt with light blue shorts and light colored shoes.
The woman is looking to the side while walking. She is wearing a white cap, light-colored top, shorts, and sandals. 
The man has receding dark hair and is dressed all in black.  He is carrying a white bag.
The man is wearing a black shirt with black pants and a black jacket 
The man wears black pants and a black jacket and shoes and he has black hair.
This man is wearing a dark colored coat with a grey shirt underneath. He has on black pants and dark dress shoes. He is carrying a white bag.
The man has short brown hair, a grey hooded sweatshirt, dark blue jeans, and he's wearing bright orange tennis shoes, with a matching bright orange backpack. 
A male with neck length hair wearing a grey hoodie with a black undershirt and blue denim pants carrying a backpack
The man is wearing a black shirt with a gray zip up jacket. He also has red/white tennis shoes and has short shaggy hair.
The man is wearing a thick grey coat,dark grey pants and orange shoes.He is also carrying a orange backpack
She is wearing black heels and a short sleeveless black dress with a low neck. She has dark hair.
The woman is wearing a black dress and black shoes. The woman is walking. The woman has black hair. 
The man has short black hair, is wearing a light blue short sleeve shirt with white flower pattern on it, skinny jeans, and brown sandals. he is carrying a large black duffel bag on one arm. 
The person is wearing all dark colors. He has a black backpack on his back. Their hair is black.
The man is wearing a light colored shirt with denim jeans.  He is on the phone and toting a bag on his shoulder.
A man wearing a white and black shirt, a pair of blue jean pants and a pair of black shoes.
the man is wearing a collared button down shirt with gray pants and shoes. he is carrying a messenger bag.
The woman is facing away and has long black hair. She is wearing dark shorts and a loose white top. She is wearing short white socks and casual sneakers.
She has  long  straight  black  hair  and is  wearing a white shirt  .  She is also  wearing  blue  jean shorts .
The woman has long shoulder length hair. She is wearing a white tee shirt with writing on it and dark trim at the neck. Her shorts are gray and her shoes are white. Her left hand is raised in front her face.
The woman is visible from the back. She has long black hair. She is wearing a white shirt and denim shorts.
She is wearing sandals, a short black dress and a yellow sweater thrown around her shoulders. 
The woman is wearing a black dress and black sandals. She has on a yellow scarf and a brown purse on her left shoulder. There is another persons hand on her left shoulder.
A woman wearing a long black dress, a pair of brown shoes and a yellow vest.
The man has a black and white striped shirt and long pants. He has light-colored shoes.
A man in a white and gray stripe shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray shoes.
The man is wearing gray pants with white tennis shoes. He is also wearing a black and white striped T-shirt. He has short, black hair.
The man is viewed from the back and is wearing a horizontal striped black and white shirt with jeans. He has short black hair.
He has short  black hair  and is  wearing a  red  shirt  and  black  short  pants .
A person is riding a bicycle away from us.  They are wearing a red short sleeved shirt and black pants.  They are also carrying a blue backpack.
The man has a short black hair cut wears a red shirt black shorts with red sneakers and rides his bicycle in the street. 
This person has short dark hair and a light shirt with dark pants on and a backpack.
A boy is walking looking at the ground with a bag in one hand and other hand in his pocket.
The man wears a tan colored jacket, dark pants, and a red backpack with black straps. He carries a black bag in his right hand.
The young man is wearing a tan long sleeve shirt,black pants and green shoes.He is also carrying a black backpack
A man wearing a dark long-sleeve shirt, grey pants, and black and white sneakers. He has a small grey bag hanging by his lower back.
This woman has dark hair and carries a large purse while she wears a dark grey hoody and maroon pants.
This is a young adult individual with short black hair olive complexion grey and white sneakers black straight leg denim trousers dark grey jacket and carrying a tan backpack
This person wearing the sneakers and dark hoodie is walking with a large shoulder bag.
the man is wearing a light blue short sleeve shirt with light colored shorts. the man is wearing brown or tan shoes.
A man in white shorts and a blue button up shirt walking on a city street. 
He has  very short  black  hair  .  He  is   wearing   a  bright  white  shirt .He is  wearing  blue  jeans .
A man in a white shirt with a shoulder bag on his side wearing a pair od black pants.
The man wears a white shirt and black pants. He wears white shoes and has a handbag over his shoulder. He has short black hair.
A woman and a man. The woman is wearing a dark pink shirt and black pants. The man is wearing a light colored shirt and black pants.
The man wears a white shirt and grey pants with white sneakers he walks along a woman walking down the street.
He is wearing dark colored pants and a white shirt with short sleeves. He is carrying a black bag.
A man wearing a white and pink shirt, a pair of dark colored pants, a pair of black shoes and a bag strap across his back.
The woman is wearing a white shirt,brown jacket, orange pants and black shoes.She is also  carrying a brown shoulder bag
The person is wearing salmon colored pants. They are wearing a black long sleeve shirt. They have black hair. They are facing away.
Of all this young man's dark clothing, the shoes stand out because they are very shiny.
The man has short black hair and wears a brown shirt with dark jeans and sneakers.
A slender man with short black hair is wearing a gray t-shirt, black pants and black shoes.
A tall dark haired man walking and wearing a brown t-shirt with dark grey pants and black shoes.
young, muscular white male with a helmet on his head, no shirt, shorts or kilt, he has no hair on his chest
A man is standing with no shirt on in front of the water, wearing a helmet posing for a picture.
A woman in a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
The young woman was walking rapidly to her next destination with a green bag and a black purse in hand. 
The woman is wearing a white jacket with blue pants and white shoes.She is also carrying a yellow backpack
A girl with long black hair is walking from right to left. She is carrying a green and gray backpack with black straps on her back. She is wearing a white long sleeved shirt, dark loose fitting trousers, and light colored shoes. 
This man is wearing a blue and white striped shirt with black pants and black shoes. He is carrying a red backpack. 
The man wears a blue and black shirt black pants with black sneakers he carries a black back pack.
The man is looking at a phone and wearing a wide striped blue and white polo shirt over his dark jeans and shoes, and has a large black backpack on.
Individual is wearing a blue and white stripped shirt with black pants and snickers.  Has a black back pack with straps in front. 
A woman wearing a black sweater, a pair of gray pants and a pair of white shoes.
A person with short hair wearing a black hoodie with blue denim pants and white sneakers carrying a backpack.
A woman wearing a red shirt with a picture on the front, a air of gray pants and a pair of white pants.
A woman with long light colored hair wearing khaki pants, light colored casual shoes and a maroon shirt carries a black shoulder bag.
The woman wears a white and black shirt. She wears black pants and a black sweater with one hand on an escalator rail.
A woman wearing a dark purple jacket over a white shirt, a pair  of white pantyhose and a short black skirt.
A woman is holding a lifted yellow object with both hands while she wears a white shirt with vertical folds, a curved front hem, folded cuffs to her elbows and flat, brown shoes.
A woman wearing a long sleeve gray shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The woman is wearing a t-shirt and capris, both of which have patterns on them. She also has on sneakers and is carrying a patterned bag.
A woman wearing a black and red shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gold and white shoes
The woman has long black hair pulled back into a pony tail. She has a white top on and black shorts. She is carrying a bright blue suitcase.
A woman carries a black cell phone and pushes the silver handle of a wheeled light-blue suitcase while also carrying a black backpack on her back. She wears a white t-shirt with black shorts and ankle boots.
A woman wearing a tight fitting white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white and black shoes.
A dark skinned woman with black shoulder length hair draped over her shoulder and yellow blouse. She is wearing long white pants, carrying brown manilla folders and white hand bag in her right hand.
The woman is wearing a light brown shirt, white pants and tan wedges.She is also carrying a tan wallet in her right hand
The woman can be seen walking away from the camera, she has on sandals, a tan shirt and white pants and she is carrying something in her left hand.
The woman is wearing a yellow blouse and white pants. She has long, dark hair. She is carrying a bag in her left hand. 
The man wears a white sweatshirt and grey pants. He wears grey shoes, a black baseball cap, and carries a black handbag.
A man yarning wearing glasses with a black cap on his head. He is wearing a tan jacket with a light colored under shirt with greyish pants. He also have on dark shoes.
The man is wearing tennis shoes, dark pants, and a tan jacket. He is wearing a black baseball cap and is carrying a red bag on his right hand and a black bag over his left shoulder.
An Asian woman with long black hair is wearing a long blue sweater and jeans while holding a black purse on her right arm.
This woman has dark long hair and is carrying a black bag.  She is wearing dark blue jeans and a long sleeve blue sweater. 
This woman is wearing a mid length black dress with a yellow shawl and brown sandals. She carries a bag over her right shoulder.
The woman is walking. She is wearing a black dress and a yellow sweater. She has a black bag across her body. 
The heavy set man has short dark hair and is wearing a short sleeved white shirt with black stripes and black at the collar and cuffs. He has on dark blue denim and light colored shoes with white soles. 
The man is wearing a short sleeve, collared polo shirt and blue jeans. He has a lanyard hanging around his neck with an ID. He is wearing a watch on his left wrist.
A man in a white and gray stripe shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of gray and white shoes.
A man in a gray and white stripe shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white shoes.
A man has his back and head curved forward while riding a gray bicycle. He wears a red t-shirt over dark-gray shorts. He carries a curved yet flat green backpack on his back. His arms are extended forward and right knee is bent.
This man is wearing a red shirt and dark bottoms.  He is riding a bicycle and has a blue and green back pack on his back.
A man in a red shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of red and white shoes.
A teenage boy wearing a tan collared shirt with blue denim jeans and teal sneakers carrying a backpack.
A man wearing a brown shirt with buttons, a pair of black pants and a pair of blue shoes.
A male with short hair wearing a yellow shirt with dark blue pants carrying a red backpack and black laptop bag.
A man wearing a brown shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The person has short black hair. They are wearing a dark gray. almost black sweater, brown/burgundy pants, and black and white sneakers. They seem to be carrying a light grayish bag or coat.
Woman with black hair, heather gray hoodie, light color shoulder bag, purple pants walking away.
The woman wears a black jacket and black jeans with black and white sneakers she carries a grey shoulder bag.
She has  one  a  dark  colored  jacket with a  hood   and  a large light colored  bag .  
A man wearing a blue shirt, a pair of white shorts and a pair of black shoes.
Asian male with a round face is wearing a blue work shirt and dirty white cut off shorts
A man wearing a wrinkled tight fitting white shirt and a pair of baggy blue jeans
A man in a white t-shirt, a pair of black pants and a black strap across his left shoulder.
This man is wearing a gray t shirt, dark pants, and white shoes. He's also wearing a bag across his body. 
The man is wearing a light t-shirt and shorts. He is carrying a bag over his shoulder. 
Man is wearing jeans, white sneakers, and a white short sleeve t shirt with some markings on the front.
the man wears a white shirt and grey pants. he has a bag drapped across his shoulder with a  black strap
A man with a cross body bag is walking. He has on a white shirt with pants and dark hair.
THE PERSON HAS A DARK JCKET ON WITH ORANGE PANTS AND BLACK SHOES.  SHE HAS A PURSE ON HER SHOULDER.
The woman is wearing a dark brown, long sleeved jacket, is carrying a light brown pocketbook, and is wearing light brown pants, and dark colored shoes.
A slender man with black hair is wearing a black t-shirt, black pants and shiny black dress shoes.
He has short black   hair  and is wearing   a  dark colored  shirt  .  He  is  also wearing black  pants  .
the man is wearing a blue shirt a pair of jeans and a pair of dark colored shoes he is looking down at the ground
A man with short black hair is wearing a brown short sleeved shirt, blue jeans and dark shoes.
The man in the shadows is very muscle bound.  He appears to be shirtless, but he is wearing dark shorts and the ocean is behind him.
A man wearing a black pair of shorts and a metal  helmet with a light color rip around the base.
A woman walking visible from the back is wearing a white shirt, black pants and has a green bag slung over her back and carrying a black object in her right hand.
The person carrying a green backpack and black bag is walking in her white shirt and blue jeans. She has long dark brown hair and has light colored shoes on. 
The pedestrian carries a bag in her hand as well as a bright, green backpack. She wears a white jacket with blue bottoms.
A woman in a white jacket, a pair of gray pants and a pair of white shoes.
MALE CARRYING DARK GRAY BACKPACK  THAT HAS BLACK TRIM WITH RED IN THE MIDDLE WITH A WHITE STRIPE IN IT. WEARING SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT PATTERNED IN BROAD HORIZONTAL STRIPES OF WHITE AND SKY BLUE, WITH BLACK PANTS AND WEARING BLACK SHOES.
A man waring a blue and white stripe shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing black pants with black shoes that have white rubber soles. He has on a blue collared shirt with short sleeves that has white horizontal stripes on it. He has a black backpack strapped on his back and across his chest. He has a phone in his right hand and a watch on his left wrist.
The man has black hair and is wearing glasses.  He is wearing a teal and white striped shirt, black pants, and dark shoes. He has on a backpack.
The man is wearing a dark sweatshirt containing a few large white Greek letters, light denim blue jeans, and white sneakers. His hands are covered, he has dark hair, and is looking forward and a little upward.
This man is wearing a black sweater, blue jeans, and shoes. He is also carrying a black book bag on his back.
She has shoulder length  blonde hair  and is  wearing sun  glasses .  She is  also wearing a  bright  red  shirt  and  grey pants .
She  has  long  blonde  hair  that  goes past her shoulders  .  She is  wearing  a  pink  top  and  brown pants .
The woman is wearing a white and black shirt, a blue cardigan, and a headband in her hair. She is looking at the floor.
This woman is looking down, she has black hair and she's wearing a dark blue sweater over a black and white shirt, and black shorts.
A woman in a white shirt. Her pants are khaki and her shoes are brown.
The woman has black hair pulled back in a ponytail. She is wearing a light colored, long sleeve button-down shirt with khaki pants. 
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of gray shoes.
This woman has short black hair and she's wearing a black t shirt with a red heart on the front and blue jeans.
A dark haired girl wearing a black back pack stepping into the street. She is wearing a white t-shirt, black shorts, and black converse sneakers. She is also wearing glasses and pushing a large light blue hard suitcase.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of glasses on her face.
The lady is pushing a bright blue rolling luggage bag with gray tape taped on it.
A woman wearing a brown blouse, a pair of white pants and a pair of brown shoes on her feet.
The woman has dark, long hair below the shoulders. She has earphones in both ears. She is wearing a yellow top with three-quarter sleeves to the elbows and white pants
A woman in a brown jacket, a pair of white pants and a pair of shoes on her feet.
Woman with long black hair walking and swinging her arms wearing a tan short sleeve blouse and white fitted pants
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of blue jeans with a pair of blue shoes.
A man wearing a white, long sleeve jacket, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black shoes.
The man is wearing a baseball cap, a long-sleeved tan shirt, and jeans. He has a black bag over one shoulder and a red shopping bag in his hand. 
An Asian woman with long black hair carrying a black bag is wearing a blue top and white flats.
The lady is wearing a long blue shirt or jacket and grayish pants.  Her shoes contain at least some white, and she is carrying a purse over her right shoulder that is similar in color to her pants.
She has long hair and is wearing a royal blue coat with tight black pants and black high topped sneakers.
The woman is wearing glasses, black and white sneakers, and a long blue shirt. She has long black hair.
A woman wiping her nose as she walks. She is carrying a black bag on one of her shoulders. She is wearing a pink shirt.
The woman has short black hair. She is wearing a pink short sleeved shirt, blue jeans, and sandals. She is carrying a large hand bag.
A woman wearing a pink shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
This woman has short black hair and she's wearing a red shirt and black pants and black shoes.
The lady wears a dark shirt, black jeans and shoes . She is carrying a handbag.
She has  shoulder length  black  hair  .  She  has on a  grey shirt   and  blue  jeans  .  She  is  also  carrying  a  large  brown bag .
A woman with black hair is wearing a tan t-shirt, blue jeans, black and white sneakers and a brown bag.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of black pants and a black hand bag.
dark hair pulled back into a ponytail, blue and white plain skirt, red jacket top and heels
The short-haired woman is wearing a short sleeved red top with white log on front. Her short skirt is light blue.  Her shoes have a thick heel.
A woman in a red shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of gray shoes.
A woman in a red shirt, a pair of blue jean shorts and a pair of blue shoes.
The woman is wearing a large-brimmed straw hat. She is also wearing a green and white striped shirt, black pants, and blue rain boots.
The pedestrian wear a large straw hat, a white long sleeve shirt layered with a green tee, over which they wear a green reflecting vest. They wear dark pants and gloves to the elbow, as well as blue rubber rain boots.
The woman has short dark hair and is wearing a large brimmed straw hat with a green and white striped vest over a green t-shirt over a long sleeved white shirt and black gloves.  She has black pants tucked into turquoise rubber boots and she has a black fanny pack.
A man wearing a white shirt, a green safety vest, a pair of black pants and a pair of blue boots.
The man has black hair. He is wearing a black and white shirt and grey pants. 
The man is talking on his cell phone. He is wearing a white shirt, grey dress pants, and black dress shoes. He is wearing a black belt. He is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder. 
he is on the phone, he is wearing short sleeves shirt and gray pants with black belts 
This person is wearing a black t shirt with navy blue shorts and is carrying a white shopping bag in his right hand
man with black hair wearing a black t shirt, jean shorts, sandals, carrying a white shopping bag in his right hand.
The young adult male is wearing a black shirt and shorts. He is carrying a white bag.
This gentleman wears white shoes, black pants, and a maroon hoodie.  He has a small object in his right hand.
The man is carrying a red bag on his left arm and is wearing a maroon hooded sweatshirt. He is also wearing black pants and white and black shoes. 
Male with dark hair, wearing dark pants and black and white tennis shoes and a maroon or brown colored long sleeved jacket.
This person is carrying a red bag. They have on black pants with black and white shoes.
A man wearing a watch and a dark blue shirt carrying luggage wearing gray pants and black and white shoes  
The man is wearing a grey shirt and black pants.  He is on his cell phone.
A man is wearing black and white shoes with light-colored pants. He has on a blue tee-shirt and is wearing a watch on his left wrist.
A man wearing a gray pair of pants, a blue t-shirt, a pair of black and white shoes and a belt around his waist.
The man is wearing a two tone long sleeved jacket and pants.  He is carrying a large white plastic bag and two smaller bags.
He is wearing dark shoes, long dark pants, a white shirt with a black design on the chest, and a jacket over split into two shades of blue on top and bottom. He is carrying a white bag and a yellow bag in his left hand and another shopping bag in his right hand.
A man wearing a green and black jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
This person has dark afro-styled hair. He is wearing a long sleeved dark jacket and denim pants. He is carrying three shopping bags.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing a grey t-shirt, green shorts, white tennis shoes, and is carrying a beige bag.
A person with short hair is wearing a light collared shirt under a grey cardigan with dark shorts and white sneakers. this person has a large back slung over the right shoulder. 
A short man with black hair is wearing a white collar shirt, short sleeved grey shirt, black shorts and white sneakers.
The man is wearing a white shirt with a checker graphic print on the front. He is also wearing denim jeans and sneakers. 
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
A man stands with his arms extended to his sides above his shoulders while wearing a wide, bright yellow belt with matching crisscrossing straps across his back. He wears a short-sleeve, gray shirt, gray pants with back flap pockets and side flap pockets over white running shoes.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white shoes on his feet.
A little girl walking with white short shorts on and a green or teal shirt with a black and white purse. 
A woman wearing a tight fitting light blue shirt, a pair of white shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The man with short brown hair is wearing a white collared shirt with short sleeves, khaki cargo shorts, and sneakers. 
The man walking is wearig a light colored short sleeve shirt with beige colored shorts.
The man wears khaki shorts and a light colored short sleeved collared shirt. He has shoes on.
This man has short black hair and he's wearing glasses, a short sleeved white shirt and khaki colored shorts.
A woman with black hair is wearing a flowing short sleeved shades of green dress that covers her knees. She is also wearing orange sandals. 
A woman wearing a black dress with white flowers and a pair of black shoes.
This women is wearing a pair of white running shoes with black stripes. She has on a pair of jeans, an olive green coat with white fur trim, and a pink shirt. She is wearing wire framed glasses and has long black hair with bangs. She has her right leg extended upwards.
The woman with the black long shoulder length hair is wearing a light colored shirt.
The woman is wearing an open brown jacket with a fur hood. She is wearing a pink t-shirt and black leggings. She is wearing white tennis shoes, glasses, and carries something in her right hand.
The woman is wearing a brown knee length winter coat open in the front with a light pink pullover on underneath and dark pants. She has white sneakers and is holding her left hand up to her nose.
A woman wearing a yellow t-shirt with a logo on front, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of pink shoes.
The lady wears a yellow shirt, with blue jeans and pink jogging shoes and a blue schoolar bag back, short black hair, and is holding something like a yellow toy or a key chain
A woman wearing a black jacket, a short black skirt and a pair of black shoes and black panty hose.
The lady wears a knee-length black dress, dark tights, has a watch on her wrist, and is wearing black 2-3 inch high heel shoes.
The individual is a young adult of undetermined sets who is wearing white sneakers tan trousers a blue denim jacket and is carrying a sort of satchel which is brown with white trim
young, thin, caucasian female with grey leggings, purple shirt over a white shirt and denim jacket, black hat.
The lady is walking in long pants and a jacket. She is talking on the phone.
A woman wearing a hat, purple shirt, black shorts and jean jacket stands on a sidewalk.
Female dressed in blue and black with black and white shoes. She seems to be carrying either a bag or purse on her right side. 
The woman has long dark hair and is wearing glasses.  She is carrying a large dark handbag on her shoulder.  She is wearing a dark blue shirt and black pants.
A lady seems to have a cold as she holds the tissue up to her nose, and wipe away her allergies.
The woman is wearing a pink blouse and black tights. She is carrying a black bag. 
A woman with short black hair is wearing glasses, a pink shirt, tight dark pants, and a large black bag. 
The woman is facing away from the camera, and she has short black hair. She is wearing a pink shirt and black pants, and is carrying a black bag. 
The lady wears a grey shirt grey pants as she stands along the railing and carries a brown shoulder bag over her shoulder.
The woman wears blue jeans, and a grey t-shirt.  She has a brown shoulder bag and a watch on.  She has long, dark hair.
A woman wearing a gray shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
This woman is wearing a dark grey short sleeved shirt, black leggings, and shoes. She is also carrying a black purse on her shoulder.
The lady is wearing a red mid sleeve shirt tucked into a light blue ruffled skirt with blue heels and a blue purse with white handles on her right shoulder.
The woman is wearing a red t-shirt and a denim skirt.  She is wearing shoes with a small heel and carrying a bag on her right shoulder.
The pedestrian carries a large bag on her right shoulder. She wears a red top with black high heels. 
A woman with light blue shorts is wearing a short sleeved red T'shirt and is carrying a black bag, her hair is long and black in a ponytail. 
A woman wearing a wide rimmed hat and long black gloves with a green and white striped vest as well as green and white under shirt alongside black pants and light blue boots.
Someone wearing a big straw hat with a green and white shirt and blue rain boots.
A woman wears a beige straw hat with a wide brim over a green-and-white horizontally striped safety vest which is worn over both a darker green, short-sleeve top and a longer white-sleeve shirt. She also wears long, black rubber gloves, black pants tucked into light-blue rubber boots, a printed pink scarf, and a black fanny pack.
Worker is wearing a large straw hat, a reflective green vest, black pants, sky blue, calf high rain boots and rubber gloves.
The man has short dark hair and is talking on the phone held in his right hand. He is wearing a short sleeve white shirt and carryover no a large black bag on his right shoulder. 
The man wears a white shirt grey pants with black shoes he carries a black shoulder bag while talking on his cell phone.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black shoes.
A man with a black T shirt and blue shorts above the knees is carrying a white bag in his right hand.  He is wearing brown shoes with white socks.
He is wearing dark colored shoes, dark blue jean shorts, and a short sleeved black shirt. 
He is wearing a black short sleeve t-shirt. He has on dark colored shorts. He is carrying a white bag in his right hand.
The man has on a red hooded sweatshirt. His skin is dark tan and his baggy pants are black. His shoes are half white and half black. His head is turned away from the camera.
The man is visible from the back.  He has on black and white tennis shoes with black and white soles.  He has on black pants and a maroon hoodie with the hood down in the back.  He has short dark hair and is carrying a red bag over his left shoulder.
The man wears black pants and a maroon jacket. His shoes are black and white.
The man is wearing a red hoodie jacket and carrying a lighter shade of red tote bag. He has on black pants and black and white sneakers.
A man wearing a black shirt, a pair of gray pants with a black belt and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man wears a black shirt that is tucked in. He wears a belt and grey pants and balck shoes. He has short black hair.
The man has short dark hair, is wearing a blue shirt and stonewashed jeans. He's wearing a watch on his left wrist.
The man is wearing jeans and a t-shirt. The man is holding a suitcase. 
A man wearing a black jacket, a pair of blue jean short and a pair of black shoes.
Man is wearing a blue open jacket with a t-shirt underneath that has a design on the front.  He is carrying a yellow and white bag in his left hand and a brown bag in his right.
He  gas  short black hair  and  is  wearing  a  dark  green and   black shirt  with  blue jeans . He is also  carrying a  brown paper bag in one  hand.
THE MAN IS WEARING DARK PANTS WITH A SWEATER. HEIS HAIR IS DARK IN COLOR.
A person with short black hair is walking with a large tan bag on their right shoulder. They are wearing a long sleeve gray shirt, shorts and white sneakers.
A person is carrying a light-gray bag with black straps by his right hip as he steps forward. He wears a black, short-sleeve shirt with white trim at the collar and sleeves, black shorts ending at the knees and white shoes with black markings.
A slim person with black hair is wearing a white shirt, a grey sweater, black shorts, white shoes and a white bag.
The man is wearing a grey shirt with black shorts and white shoes.He is also carrying a book in his left hand and a white shoulder bag 
The man is walking and is wearing blue jeans with the ankles rolled up and a white t shirt with a checkered pattern on it.
A man with short dark hair wearing blue jeans, black shoes, and a white shirt walking away from the camera.
A man wearing yellow belt and white shoes,and trying to control traffic by extending his arms.
The man wears a black and yellow work t shirt black shorts with white sneakers he stands inside the street in front of the white vehicle.
A woman wearing a light blue button up shirt, a pair of white shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
A girl with long black hair wearing a teal shirt and white hot pant shorts wearing black sneakers. 
This man is wearing a long white shirt outside his shorts. He's carrying something in his left hand.
This man has short black hair and he's wearing a light green shirt and khaki colored shorts and tennis shoes.
The man is wearing tan shorts, a pastel green short sleeved shirt and black hair.  He has one hand in his pocket.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The woman is bending over forward and is wearing what looks like a green and white dress and reddish colored sandals. 
The woman is wearing a grey short sleeved shirt and shorts. She is carrying a backpack. 
A lady wearing white shoes, black pants and a jaclet. She is carrying a ahoulder bag. 
A woman with long dark hair walking to the left wearing a dark long coat, black pants, and white shoes,
A woman walking towards the camera wearing a pink shirt with a large jacket over it. She has dark hair and is wearing dark pants.
A woman walking towards the camera and wearing a pink short with a large jacket over it.
This woman is wearing a yellow short sleeved shirt,  leggings, and pink brand name shoes.
The woman has shoulder length black hair, is wearing a yellow shirt, blue jeans, pink sneakers, and is carrying a blue backpack. 
The woman has black hair pulled back into a ponytail. She is wearing a black dress and black shoes.
The woman is wearing black heels, black nylons and a black skirt with a black 3/4 sleeve top.  
A woman wearing a tight fitting blue jean jacket, a pair of gray tight fitting jeans and a pair of white shoes.
A woman with long blond hair wearing a denim jacket with a purple shirt underneath with a black hat and gray pants.
A blurry image of a person wearing gray pants and a purple shirt with a white cloth belt walking 
A woman wearing a purple shirt with a black bottom, a pair of ray pants and a pair of black shoes.
A man wears a long and loose bright-white shirt with a small pleat in the back over matching loose pants while his left hand is slightly lifted behind him.
A man wearing a white jacket, a pair of white pants and a pair of white shoes.
a young boy walking holding a bag and wearing white sneakers black pants and a red shirt
A man wearing an orange shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
The man wears a white shirt with a graphic in front. He wears black pants and black shoes and wears a black backpack.
The man is wearing blue sneakers and black pants.  He is wearing a white t-shirt with graphics on the front of it.  He is also wearing a black back pack and has short black hair.
She has  long  black hair  and is  wearing    a  shirt  that  is   all black  with  white  dots  .
The woman is wearing black flat shoes with pointed toes and blue jeans. She has on a long black shirt with white polka dots that is belted at her waist. Over her right shoulder she has a long black purse and she has a brown and white purse over her left shoulder.
A blonde haired man with a tan suit jacket over a white collared shirt with a red tie along with a pair of khaki pants featuring pockets on the sides.
Young male wears light brown cargo pants with a formal shirt, red tie and brown coat.
He has black ,short hair and is wearing a dark t-shirt with a smiley face on it as well as a pair of dark blue short and dark shoes with no socks.
A man carries a black board with light-gray markings, a dark-gray round pouch and a red bag on his left side while wearing a black t-shirt, gray knee-length shorts and black laced shoes.
A tall slender man with a back pack, walking along while reading information in his hand.
The man has blue jeans, a light blue polo shirt and dark shoes. He is carrying a over the shoulder black bag. 
A man wearing a white t-shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white and black shoes.
The teenage boy is wearing a blue t-shirt and cropped gray sweatpants. He has on low-top dark-gray sneakers. He is wearing a backpack that has gray and red straps.
He is wearing black tennis shoes with white laces, grey pants with a design down the sides, and a blue shirt with short sleeves.
Male carrying half red and half white backpack with red at top and white at lower half. Wearing bright turquoise short sleeved shirt and pale pants rolled up to just below knee. Grayish running shoes with darker stripe and thin white soles.
The man has dark hair and a bright blue short sleeve shirt. He's wearing long grey shorts and athletic shoes. He has on a red and white backpack.
The man is walking outdoors with his head hanging down.  He has on a white cap.  His short sleeved shirt is white. His pants are black.  He is wearing a black back pack.
A man wears a black cap with faint white graphic, a backpack on his back with black straps around his shoulders and a black shoulder bag with strap crossing over his body. He also wears a short sleeve, loose white shirt with open collar and straight hem over loose black pants and black shoes. 
The man is wearing a black ball-cap, backpack, long pants, and tennis shoes. He has glasses and is turned to the right.
The woman is wearing a long robe of sorts with a wide grey collar. She is also wearing a grey shirt. 
 A woman with her hair pulled back wearing a grey shirt and black pants wearing a long jacket 
The man has short blond hair. He is wearing glasses, a white shirt and black shorts.
very short hair carrying a backpack with a white tee shirt and dark shorts and wearing sneakers
The man has short light colored hair and is wearing a white t-shirt with a person on it. He also has on black sorts and is wearing light colored tennis shoes and is carrying a dark colored backpack and wears glasses.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of black shorts and a pair of black and white shoes.
The man has a white short sleeved shirt on his back and has grey short pants on his legs.
The man is riding a bike and he is wearing gray cargo shorts and a white t-shirt. He has short, dark hair.
Man wearing a t-shirt and khaki shorts riding a bicycle with short dark colored hair.
The man has short, dark hair and is wearing a short sleeved, light colored shirt and knee length khaki shorts. He is wearing dark shoes and is riding a bike with a dark colored frame. 
She has shoulder length  black hair . She is  wearing a  black top  and  a  white  skirt  .
A woman wearing a blue shirt, a white skirt and a pair of red shoes.
The woman has long, dark hair, and is wearing a black short sleeved shirt with a white skirt and shoes. She is carrying a red bag.
The man is wearing a white collared shirt with an orange and yellow design on it. He is in orange/red shorts and blue tennis shoes. He is carrying a bag and has dark short hair.
A man wearing a white with different color designs on them, a pair of orange shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The man has dark hair pulled back in a bun. He is wearing dark clothing with a white stripe on his shirt. He is carrying a backpack.
The man wears a black t shirt blue jean pants with black sneakers he carries a dark green back pack holding a cell phone inside his hand.
The man is wearing a grey t-shirt with pants that are printed in shades of white, grey, and peach. 
The man is wearing light colored, patterned shorts with tennis shoes and a light gray t shirt.
A man wearing a gray shirt, a pair of gray and white shorts and a pair of white shoes.
She has long black hair worn in a ponytail and is wearing a long white t-shirt, jeans, sneakers with pink laces and is carrying a black briefcase.
This is a woman from behind with black hair. She is wearing a white short sleeve shirt. She has on black pants and black shoes. 
The woman is wearing a white camisol and dark pants. She has short dark hair. 
The woman is wearing a white shirt and dark pants.  He shoes have pink laces.  She is carrying a brown handbag.
A black person has on pink shorts and blue shirt has one hand raised in the air. 
The woman is in a black and red dress and carrying a big blue shopping bag.
She has  short black hair  . She is  wearing  a light  white shirt   .  
A woman wearing a white, floral print shirt, a pair of black pants and a white jacket.
A woman wears a white jacket over a white blouse, a pair of black pants and a bag in her right hand.
A woman with long brown frizzy hair is walking with her right foot forward. She is carrying a tan purse on her right shoulder and has on a pair of tan boots. She has on a light blue hooded jacket and is wearing a pair of acid wash skinny jeans. 
Woman is wearing a hooded loose grayish sweater with a belt. She has on gray tights and high top orangish shoes. She is carrying an orange bag.
The woman is wearing dark gray skinny jeans, brown boots, and a blue denim jacket. She is carrying a tan purse on her shoulder. She is looking at her phone.
Female with long black hair wears snug grey pants, clunky brown books, blue top, and large orange bag on right shoulder.  She is looking at a device in her hands.
She has  short  black hair  and  is  wearing a   all  black outfit .  She  is  also  wearing  dress shoes .
a lady looking away with dark short sleeve shirt and black legging on with brown looking flat shoes
The woman wears a black polo with black leggings and black flat shoes. She has black hair and is walking. 
The girl has a backpack with prints on it.  She wears a shirt, pants, and flats.  She has shoulder length hair.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black tights and a short black skirt.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes.
This woman has long black hair and she's wearing a black t shirt and black pants and a black backpack.
He has short  black hair  and  is  wearing  a  white  shirt  .  He  also  has  a  black  strap over  one shoulder  .
This young man has short black hair and he's wearing a white t shirt and khaki colored shorts and he's carrying a bag over his shoulder.
The man has short grey hair. He is wearing white robe, white pants, and sandals. 
The man is wearing a long white coat and white pants. His shoes also appear to be white. He's stepping up a curb.
He has  short  black hair  and  is wearing   a orange  shirt .  He  is also  wearing a  black back pack  .
A young man with an orange t-shirt and black jeans is walking while wearing a black backpack and white sneakers.
Male with dark hair wearing a short sleeved tee shirt with graphic print on the front, dark pants and grey tennis shoes carrying a backpack.
A man wearing a white shirt with a picture on the front, a pair of black pants and a pair of blue shoes.
This woman is wearing a white/black polka dotted short sleeved shirt, light blue jeans, and black shoes.She is also holding a white/red plastic bag in her hand.
The woman wears a black dress with white dots, blue jeans, and black shoes. She carries a black purse, a brown bag, and a white shopping bag.
He is wearing a brown coat and brown pants. He is wearing a red shirt. He is reading something off his hand.
A man wearing a brown jacket, a red neck tie, a white shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of brown shoes.
The man is wearing dark colored shorts, a black graphic t-shirt, and black shoes. Across his body he carries a dark colored bag.
A man wearing a dark gray shirt, a pair gray shorts and a pair of black shoes.
The man is looking down, wearing dark blue jeans with a light blue shirt and running shoes. She has dark brown hair and is wearing a satchel.
He is wearing dark shoes, long dark pants, and a light blue shirt with short sleeves.
The man wears a light blue collared shirt and dark blue pants. He wears black and white shoes and a black handbag hangs from his shoulder as he looks down at his phone.
Two boys walking. One is wearing a blue t-shirt and gray shorts and the other one is wearing eyeglasses, gray t-shirt and black shorts
A dark haired boy is walking. He is wearing a blue t-shirt. His pants are khaki colored and have a white stripe with pattern going down one side. He has a half red and half white backpack.
The man is wearing a blue t shirt and wearing khaki shorts with tennis shoes. He is carrying a white and red backpack and has short black hair.
A man wearing a pair of gray pants, a blue shirt, a red back pack and a pair of black shoes.
He  is  mainly  bald headed  and   wearing  black  base  ball  cap  .  He  is also  carrying  a  black  back pack  .
The man is wearing a white dress shirt, black hat, black pants and black shoes. He is also carrying a black bag and wearing a backpack.
The man is wearing a white polo and black pants. He has on sneakers and a hat. He also carries a book bag on his shoulder. 
She has a floor length brown coat with gray lining over a gray shirt and long black pants.
She is wearing black slacks, a light colored shirt, and a long light colored top. She is carrying a white package in her hands.
the man has glasses and a back pack on. He is wearing a white t shirt, dark bottoms and sneakers.
Man with a white short sleeved tee shirt, carrying a dark colored back pack with a fold over top, black shorts and grey sneakers with white ankle length socks.
A man wearing a white shirt with a picture, a pair of black shorts and a pair of white and black shoes.
The man is wearing a short sleeved white shirt, black shorts, and brown tennis shoes. He has a black backpack.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of gray pants and a pair of shoes on his feet.
A man is riding a bicycle. He has short dark colored hair. Wearing a white t-shirt, gray colored shorts.
A man that is wearing a gray shirt, a pair of brown pants and a pair of shoes on his feet.
A man with a short brown haircut wears a white t shirt grey shorts with grey sneakers is riding a bicycle down the street.
A woman is carrying a dusty-rose pink bag under a bent elbow and has another person's hand across her other elbow. She wears a sleeveless black tunic with short slit on the side over a white miniskirt with white sneakers.
The woman is standing in front of a store at a mall, wearing a grey and white dress and has a red purse. 
The woman is wearing a black shirt with white shorts and white tennis shoes, she is carrying a burgundy purse.
Man is wearing dark orange shorts, sneakers, and a white short sleeve shirt with orange and yellow print.
The man wearing thin black framed glasses wears a fashioned orange and white short sleeved shirt orange shorts with black sneakers as he walks past the steps.
A guy in a black and white shirt, dark blue jeans, and dark shoes is carrying a brown backpack.
The man is wearing a blue shirt,blue jeans and blue shoes.He is also carrying a brown backpack and he is looking at his phone
The man wears a grey shirt grey and white shorts with grey sneakers he walks past the steps near three other individuals.
He has  short  black hair  .  He is  wearing  a  tan shirt   and  black and  white  short pants .  
The man is wearing a grey shirt and light colored shorts with white shoes. 
A woman in a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of pink shoes on her feet.
A woman wearing a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
A woman in a white shirt with a picture on it, a pair of black pants and a pair of black hoes.
A woman in a white shirt, a pair of black pants and a pair of pink and gray shoes.
Blurry image, a woman stands she is wearing a dark shirt and pink shorts. She is carrying something blue.
A man wearing a black jacket, a black hat and a red bag on the side of his waist.
The woman is walking while looking over her left shoulder.  She is wearing a white jacket and black pants.  She is carrying a white bag.
The young woman is wearing a white shirt with a jacket over it, and some dressy pants. 
The woman is wearing a white shirt with a black design, a white jacket, and black pants. She is carrying a white bag.
A woman walking in the opposite direction with a brown bag on her right shoulder is wearing a light blue jacket, grey pants, and brown shoes. 
A woman wearing a extremely tight pair of gray pants, a blue, ruffled jacket and a pair of brown boots
This woman is looking at her cell phone. She has dark hair. She's wearing a jean jacket and is carrying a large brown purse over her right shoulder. She's wearing skinny jeans, gray ones, that come down to her ankle. She's wearing heeled shoes that show a bit of heal and a bit above, almost as if they go higher up her leg. The toe ends of the shoes are curled upward. Some other kind of cord, fairly thick, appears to come down her leg a bit underneath the bag. It looks like a thin sash.
This female is looking at her phone while walking. She is wearing boots, jeans and has a large medium camel colored bag on her shoulder. 
A woman in a predominately black, polo shirt, black pants, brown flats shoes is walking on an off white, tile floor.
She has  long  black hair  that  is pulled back in  a  bun .  She is  also wearing   all  black .
This woman has her hair tied up in a bun and she's wearing a black shirt and tight black pants.
A woman with black hair is wearing a black and white backpack and a black shirt and pants.
The girl is wearing a short sleeved, black shirt, dark pants, and dark shoes. She has long hair and a black a white backpack.
A girl with long black hair wearing a black top with black leggings and shoes carrying a white and black patterned backpack.
A woman wearing a black shirt, a pair of black pants, a pair of shoes and a black back pack.
This man has short black hair and he's wearing glasses, a light tan t shirt, khaki colored pants and he has a black bag over his shoulder.
The man is wearing a short sleeved, white t-shirt, tan shorts, and black tennis shoes. He has glasses and a black over the shoulder bag.
A male with short hair wearing glasses and a white tee shirt with light grey shorts carrying a shoulder satchel.
A man with black hair is wearing a white shirt, tan shorts, black sneakers and a black bag.
A middle age Asian woman wearing a white shirt, black capri pants and carrying a black purse over her shoulder.
This woman has short black hair and she's wearing a white t shirt and blue shorts and she's carrying lots of bags.
A man in black shorts and gray top is walking next to a woman wearing a pink top and blue shorts
He is wearing a grey shirt and dark shorts.  He has tennis shoes on.
A woman in a black and white shirt is carrying a purse under her left arm and is wearing blue jeans
She is wearing tennis shoes, long dark colored pants, and a grey shirt with short sleeves. She is carrying a bag.
He looks tough. He looks like he could fight off ten ninjas at once. He looks menacing.
The man is using his left hand to tap his right shoulder.  He is wearing a loose black shirt.
Man is walking while reaching for his right shoulder.  He has on worn blue jeans with a button up black shirt.  The shirt is worn outside his jeans.  
The boy has black hair and is wearing a black button up shirt, navy jeans, and red shoes.
A young female child wearing a white shirt printed with flowers with a yellow skirt and white shoes. 
A little girl wearing a white shirt with a picture on the front, a yellow skirt and a pair of brown shoes.
The woman has long black hair, white short sleeved shirt, singular phone in both hands, gray sweatshirt, white shoes.
This woman is wearing a white t-shirt and sweat pants and carrying a hand bag on her right shoulder.
The person has dark hair past their shoulders, and is wearing baggy grey pants and a loose white tshirt, with a rainbow colored satchel on their right shoulder
She is wearing a white shirt, gray pants, and white shoes.  She has a striped bag on her shoulder.
The man wears a white collared shirt and black pants. HE has black and white shoes and wears a black handbag over one shoulder.
A man with dark hair is wearing a white shirt and dark pants, he has on glasses and tennis shoes. He carries a bag on his left shoulder.
He is wearing a blue and black striped shirt, darker pants, glasses, a backpack, and shoes with white laces.
Man wears a blue ad black horizontally striped long sleeve shirt with bluejeans and sneakers. He has a bag over his left shoulder.
This person is wearing a zipped up black and blue horizontal striped hooded sweatshirt with the hood down and a black shirt showing at the neck underneath. They are also wearing blue jeans and white sneakers.
Zip up sweater horizontal gray and teal stripes blue jeans wearing glasses and has white and black sneakers on
The man wears a black shirt with white design. He has sandals on his feet and wears black shorts.
Light skinned dark haired male wearing a dark T-shirt, dark knee length shorts, and dark and white sneakers. He's also wearing a dark backpack.
A man wearing a black shirt with a white picture on his chest, a pair of black shorts and a pair of brown seos.
The man is wearing a black shirt with white graphics on the front.  He is wearing black shorts and sandals.  He is carrying a backpack and his hand is covering his mouth.
This person has short hair. She has on a white top and a black skirt. She is carrying a black bag on her left shoulder.
The lady wears a black and white shirt and a black skirt with grey shoes she carries a black hand bag.
The woman is walking away.  She is wearing black pants, and a black cardigan/ overcoat.  She has a large, black bag over one shoulder and is wearing black, flat, close-toed shoes.  
The woman has dark shoulder-length hair, and a black sweater. Her pants are ankle-length and dark denim. She has a large black handbag over her left shoulder. 
The woman is wearing a dark shirt with a design on the front and a dark jacket. She has on dark pants and is walking towards the camera.
The man wears glasses, a white and dark colored striped collared polo shirt, long jeans, and white sneakers. He carries a black bag.
A young male is walking. He is holding a bag on his right hand while a messenger bag hangs on his back. He is wearing a stripped polo shirt, jeans and sneakers.
A man wearing a gray and white stripe shirt, a pair of jeans and a pair of white shoes.
The man is wearing pants, white tennis shoes and a short sleeved striped shirt. He is carrying a bag on his shoulder.
A YOUNG WOMAN WITH BROWN HAIR IS WEARING A GREEN SHIRT, GRAY SWEATER AND BLACK PANTS AND IS RUNNING.
A woman wearing a lime green shirt, a pair of dark blue pants and a gray sweater and matching headband.
A woman wearing a green shirt,a pair of black pants and a pair of purple shoes.
A man wearing khaki shorts and a plaid, short sleeved shirt with his hands clasped behind his back. 
Man is wearing dark sneakers and dark socks, tan shorts, a short sleeve plaid shirt and a cap on his head.
A man wearing a red and white plaid shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a black belt.
The woman has long black hair, glasses and is carrying a black purse and a water bottle.  She is dressed in a black shirt, black pants, and black shoes.
GIRL IS WEARING GLASSES AND CARRYING A CLEAR WATER BOTTLE IN HER LEFT HAND.  SHE IS CARRYING A BLACK TOTE OVER HER RIGHT SHOULDER.  SHE IS WEARING ALL BLACK.
The white man has black hair and is fairly tall.  He is wearing all black and white and carrying a backpack and something white in his right hand. He is also wearing black and white shoes.
The man is wearing dark pants and a dark blue jacket. He is wearing a backpack, and he is carrying something in his right hand. His shoes have white soles.
He wears a black sweatshirt with black track pants and black and white sneakers. He has a black backpack on and is holding something in his right hand.  
A man carrying a black back pack on his back wearing a black jacket with black pants and shoes is walking in the opposite direction. 
The man is wearing a grey-blue suit with a badge hanging from a front pocket. He is wearing a light blue dress shirt with a diagonally striped blue tie and glasses.
The male wears a grey dress jacket grey pants with black shoes he he walks along the white gate and carries a white book in his hand.
The man is wearing a white shirt with the sleeves rolled up, tan pants, and light colored shoes. He has glasses and a black backpack.
A man with black hair is wearing glasses, a white button down shirt with a collar, tan pants and white shoes.
The man is wearing a white polo shirt with khaki long pants, has white sneakers and a cross shoulder black man bag.
This man is wearing glasses, a pink long sleeved shirt that is pushed up his forearms and khaki pants and walks with a bag that he wears slung cross his chest.
This person is a male who is wearing a light colored buttoned down shirt, black pants, black shoes, and a belt.
A man wearing a pair of black pants, a pair of black shoes and a pink shirt.
Male with pale short sleeved shirt and black pants and black laced shoes. Pants are belted with light brown belt.
A woman with black hair is wearing glasses, a grey top, a black sweater, black pants and has a few notebooks.
The woman is wearing a gray sweatshirt, gray jeans, and black sneakers and is carrying some papers in her left hand.
A woman with long black hair is wearing a long sleeve black top, dark pants, dark sneakers and she has notebooks.
A woman wearing a green shirt, a pair of jeans, a pair of glasses and a pair of black and white shoes.
The person has short black hair, is wearing a grey and black striped hoodie, blue skinny jeans, and white sneaker. They are carrying a brown bag with pockets over their left shoulder.
This man is wearing dark rimmed eye glasses, he is wearing a black and gray horizontal striped shirt, dark long pants, white sneakers and is carrying a dark colored bag over his left shoulder.
The man wears glasses and has short dark hair. He wears a white shirt and carries a messenger bag.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of brown shorts and a black bag on his right shoulder.
The lady is wearing blue leggings that rest slightly above her ankles, and a white t-shirt. She has on white shoes and a black bag with strap over right shoulder.
A woman wearing a short sleeve shirt and capri leggings.  She is carrying a pink bag in her hand and a purse on her shoulder.
He is wearing glasses, blue tennis shoes with orange laces, dark colored shorts, and a light colored short sleeved shirt with a black picture on the front.
A man or boy is facing away from the camera while he walks to the right.  Something has caught his eye.  He is wearing a light colored t shirt and blue shorts with tennis shoes.
A woman wearing a striped blouse and blue jeans is carrying a purse on her left shoulder.
A woman wearing a gray t-shirt, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of black and white shoes.
Sleeves rolled up and athletic shoes to match, you know this man means business when he is coming in a business suit
The individual is a young adult Asian male with short black hair wearing glasses Brown shoes blue denim trousers and a dark grey sweater type shirt
A man wearing a black button-up dress shirt, blue jeans, and red sneakers. He has his sleeves rolled up to his forearms, revealing a watch or bracelet.
This man is looking down as he walks. He is wearing a navy collared shirt, medium wash blue jeans, a pair of red sneakers with white trim and a bracelet on his right wrist. He is clutching his right hand and has his left foot forward. His jeans are also rolled up at the bottom of the legs.
A little lady dances around people in a crowd. She is wearing a small yellow skirt and has long black hair.
A small black haired girl is wearing a white tank top with a pattern, a neon yellow skirt and white sandals. 
This dark haired woman is looking at the device she is holding in both hands, wearing a light grey t-shirt, grey trousers and light colored sneakers.
The person has shoulder length hair.  They have a bag on their right shoulder.  The wear a tshirt, pant,s and shoes.
A woman has a bent left elbow, hair hanging over her upper back, and the white straps of a colorful tote bag, covered with white outlined letters, over her right shoulder. She wears a white t-shirt pulled up on the right side by her bag, over baggy gray pants and white shoes.
The woman is wearing white tennis shoes with baggy grey pants. She has on a white tee-shirt with short sleeves and has a rainbow bag over her right shoulder.
The man is wearing a short sleeve white button down shirt and dark pants. He's carrying a black messenger bag on his shoulder and standing on an escalator going up. 
A man wearing a white t-shirt, a pair of gray jeans and a pair of white and black shoes.
A boy talking on his phone and carrying a large backpack awaits his turn in line bundled in a couple layers of clothes.
This gentleman appears to be average height and of orient descent with short black hair, medium/dark skin, and wears glasses.  He is causally dressed in a striped pull over hoodie, jeans, tennis shoes, and has a backpack strung over his right shoulder.  
The man is walking with one hand in his pants pocket. The man is wearing a striped sweater and jeans.
A man wearing a gray and blue stripe jacket, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of white and black shoes.
the man is wearing a black sort sleeved tee shirt with a white graphic on the front over dark shorts and dark sandals.
The man is wearing a black shirt with black shorts and black shoes. He is carrying a book bag.
THE MAN IS WEARING A BLACK SHIRT WITH A LOGO ON THE FRONT WITH BLACK SHORTS AND BLACK SANDALS, AND HE IS CARRYING A BLACK BACK PACK,
The boy is wearing a black, short sleeve shirt with white lettering and long, black shorts. He has a backback and sandels. His hand is by his mouth.
She is wearing light colored shoes, a black skirt that reaches to her knees, and a white shirt with a dark design on the front and short sleeves. She is wearing a watch on her left wrist and is carrying a black bag over her left shoulder.
Woman is wearing flat shoes, a dark skirt that falls above the knee,  a white short sleeve t shirt with black etching on the front.
A woman wearing a black jacket, a pair of black pants and a pair of black shoes. 
This person has their back towards me. They are carrying a duffle bag over their shoulder. The pants they are wearing are cropped.
A woman wearing a blue shirt with a white picture, a pair of blue jeans and a pair of blue shoes.
This person is wearing glasses and a white short sleeved sport shirt with black horizontal lines, jeans and white sneakers.
The man wears a white collared polo shirt with dark horizontal stripes, blue jeans, and white shoes. He carries a messenger bag and a regular bag.
A man with black hair is wearing a white polo shirt with black stripes, blue jeans, white sneakers and two black bags.
A man wearing a white shirt with black stripes, a pair of black pants and a pair of white shoes.
A woman wearing a white and gree shirt, a blue shirt and a pair of dark blue pants.
Female with a gray headband in her brunette hair is wearing a green shirt, gray sweater that is paired with black bottoms.
She has   on  a  grey head band  and  a  matching  jacket .  She is  also  wearing  black  running shoes  and  black sweat  pants .
A man wearing a red and white shirt.With light brown shorts ,and black and white shoes.Wearing a black hat.
The man is walking across the street. His shirt is red and white plaid. He is wearing a cap and tennis shoes.
A man gripping his hands behind his back wearing a baseball cap, red and white plaid shirt, khaki pants and black shoes and socks.
She has  shoulder length  black hair  .  She is also wearing glasses  and is wearing  all black clothes .
WOMAN WITH BLACK HAIR TO SHOULDERS WEARING GLASSES AND CARRYING BLACK SHOULDER BAG. WEARING BLACK  ROUND NECK T-SHIRT WITH PALE LOGO AND BLACK SKINNY PANTS AND BLACK SHOES. WATCH OR BRACELET ON RIGHT WRIST
A man with short black hair is wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt, black running pants with white and black shoes. The man also has a blue and black pack on and is carrying a white paper in his right hand. 
The man is wearing a brown backpack and carrying some books while wearing some black pants.
The man is wearing a dark colored long sleeved jacket and dark colored pants with white stripes down the leg. The man is wearing white sneakers with a dark stripe along the bottom and a black backpack. The man has dark hair and is carrying a stack of papers in his right hand.
The man is visible from the back and he has short dark hair.  He's wearing black pants and a dark blue hoodie with the hood hanging down in the back.  He has a black and white backpack on his back.
light blue shirt with dark blue tie; light gray suit jacket; light gray dress pants; black dress shoes; cream folder in one hand
The man has short brown hair and glasses. He wears a grey suit with a white collared shirt and black tie. He carries a white binder.
A man with black hair is wearing glasses, white button down shirt, tan pants, tan shoes and black bag.
The man has black short hair, glasses, white long sleeve button up shirt with sleeves rolled up, black satchel, tan pants, wallet in his left pocket, white shoes.
The man is wearing a glasses with white shirt and long khaki pants and white shoes with a black bag over his shoulder.
A man wearing a white shirt, a pair of glasses and a pair of brown pants.
He is wearing black dress shoes, black slacks, a brown belt, and a light pink short sleeved button up shirt tucked in.
He has short  cropped black  hair    and he is currently working on  his cell phone  . He  is  wearing  a lighter  colored  shirt  and  black pants  and  is  wearing  black  tennis shoes .
The man is wearing a white short sleeved shirt with black pants and a brown belt. He has on black shoes and is holding a cell phone.
She has  long  black hair  and is  wearing  glasses  . She is  also  carrying  several  books in one  arm  .
The young woman is walking while carrying some papers and wearing black pans and black tennis shoes and a dark green jacket with long sleeves
A woman wearing a gray jacket, a pair of gray pants and a pair of black and white shoes.
She is walking wearing a jacket, green blouse and dark pants. Her tennis shoes are back and white, she is wearing glasses and holing several notebooks.
This person is wearing a grey and black horizontally striped, hooded long sleeve top with dark long pants and white shoes. They have a dark brown bag over their left shoulder. 
A man with short black hair is wearing glasses, a long sleeved black and grey stripped shirt, black pants, white tennis shoes. The man also has a dark colored bag over his left shoulder. 